dances speculatively.
doesn't have a swimming pool!
contemplates random acts of harassment.
cites pig analogy above.
mutters about siblings not leaving him alone while he's sorta making writing progess
deploys anti-instilation NSWR torps
pours NSWR fuel in Siber's swimming pool
might argue that Evangelion "became clear" in the final episodes...
hands Siber a glass!
hacks up a lung, a kidney, and two vertebrae.
applies new found mad texturing skillz to new project...
makes plans to kidnap Beausabre to texture HW ships
thinks he hears the roof coming off.
has written self into a corner
chortles evilly!
grins even more evilly!
is incinerated.
wonders about the algebra of two goods making a bad
hides the flamethrower
breaks his fingers to stop texturing.
taps one white mana to give all bots +1/+1
suddenly imagines George being a Jagermonster.
judges angles
sides with icefox
is a past master of creative schedule rearrangements
turns to empty space
is unsure what Starfyre's getting at there?
is back
is pumped for Exalted
is hit by three ghost fireballs
sends that to his mother
steels Icefox in the face
loads incendiary ammunition
dies, and Diablo declares war on X-Com as a result.
will just have to raid 'em
spins around going "pchoo pchoo pchoo pchoo!"
watches four mysterious Hawk Air Warriors start shooting up X-Com's base.
launches a buzzing swarm of hovercars from the Starport!
RUNS AWAAAAAAY
knows these skills, at the least.
is adding sunlight hit too btw
was thinking steal on attacks only
makes it so number one
is wierd.
was referring to the later bit
chalks it up to WoW syndrome
believes it
wonders what would happen if he said "botname action" and that action came up
sets out to scan a t-shirt.
ponders parsers.
imagines a future self-aware AI descended from George coming across logs of him
paints daisies
suspsected all along!
tries to arrange those into an ordered sequence
accuses Mjolnir of badger polishing!
vigorously rubs a badger down with shoe polish and hands it to 'Sabre
is savaged by an irate badger!
defenstrates Siber.
defenstrates Icefox.
still holds that womenl's shirts with slogans or logos across the chest are traps
is still 50 days away from FE(
imagines some might condem this activity.
electro-prod's beausabre
lights up!
wades through his directory structure
double checks to make sure he's sending it to the right e-mail
pokes AT with this: http://www.arklyffe.com/twtgallery/v/Beausabre/Poser/test02_001.jpg.html
looks pointedly at Icefox.
takes cover.
jumps schwartz
loses spare grammar.
steeples his fingers
invades schwartz
defends with a hair ball.
incinerates it
throws a flash bang at Starfyre and runs off.
is also blind
remains unrolled
rolls schwartz up in a carpet and throws him off a bridge!
rolls himself up in a blanket and throws himself into bed!
adds a dash of coffee to #3
forgot to drop the irc. for the website
looks innocent
is irradiated!
bets the Siret could possibly drain a planet of it's petrolum with a relatively minimal ecological impact.
can't really repost on the client he's on.
puts his pocket torch away
is blind!
is amused by how close hearsay is to herasy visually.
saves as a plain text to see what the size difference is
works around
thinks for a moment he has the math nailed... then runs face-first into a wall.
meant that to be a question, but whatever.
savages Chanop
moves very quiety.
gives George a cookie.
thinks partial cammo is kinda silly.
rules supreme!
mocks Siber's cooling body.
thinks he's getting close to done with today's Scattered update
suspects Icefox of secretly being an archfiend.
decides to mostly ignore word's grammar check when it comes to dialouge
likes Test 11 the best
opens it up to make sure he's not making that up
has been busy
thinks there should be a delay between yay cookies! and noms!
still says it ought to be a ten megaton bomb.
realizes that his main accomplishment for today is making George 1000% more violent.
proactively cockblocks the munchkins
so wants to make that character now.
is sorry.
wants to make ryuuseiken archknight
takes Slayer and Assassin.
is going to do up a bunch of optional rules
wants to make an ALL BOWS ALL THE TIME party
knows the fan translator added the nice mullet
rolls to detect X-Treem Bitterness?
also rolls to sense Silver and Wyrmtaint
has sample names and sample classes
is outlining atm
points to the characters in chap0 of FE4
considers that maybe, the entire trend of male fashion is not having to decide anything about it.
just did that
did something a bit different
is considering making another chapter for promotion
is making a new promo chapter
supposes he could reverse it
will add it
does so
adds a Super Cavalier bonus rule
sees it
thinks you miss
thinks maybe combat
likes the Settings part
is okay with that, really
was going to mention that
was thinking BL style fire burns forests, lightning breaks bridges
pokes his head in
is going to generate the Fire Emblem character class "Cook Knight"
can see true horror in those two simple words
glares at White Wolf
is rather unfamiliar with white wolf's encouragement of such things
says interesting while shaking his head
's imagination is probably cooking up worse stuff than what's really in there.
really really hopes it is, at least.
is still reading.
bolds it
remembers there being a handful of other documents from an earlier version set out that covered this.
points up
hates that
has seen it used to run ten mech on ten mech fights with five minute turns
murders a kitten
ponders the effect on US History of having Napoleon in exile in the US.
shakes his fist at Siber
scribbled some Scattered in class! Maybe back in writing mode!
imagines a Little Bird rigged up with that a couple years down the line after Scattered... with it being a frequent sight for several of Shakti to be doing things at once
thinks that them arguing might be somewhat worrysome.
thinks probably that the characters are mostly under control, but filter her intent somewhat.
enjoys a cold glass of Mom's Ice Tea.
doubts the influence is that strong.
rates George as "Less than effective."
goes off to find the ear poison
inserts earplugs.
returns with a bottle of something and pours it over beausabre's head
checks the bottle
sniffs the bottle
feels a bit funny....
breaks out in hives!
makes a note of it
goes off to find a shower and some steroid cream.
wanders off
plots sudsy revenge.
pillories Starfyre on the back of ox, sets the whole thing on fire and sets it stampeding into the Mongol camp.
enflames as mongols flee before him!
disentangles himself from the flaming oxen and hoses himself down with the fire extinguisher
thought of another set of optional rules: advanced start characters
is still at school
hides under the couch
puts George on the List.
demands ear poison as a murder weapon.
makes a note that AT is vulnerable to buttered popcorn
hands George a new weapon: Foobar
is suddenly tempted to rename George to Melusine.
just read a great sentence
grows to twelve miles tall
grows sixteen pairs of wings
turns dark blue
grows a hundred fire-spewing heads
thinks AT is over-reacting to a large extent.
waits for the inevitable hammerfall
exits, stage right.
debates bettwen writing and moddeling.
is stunned
is about to have a blog.
already has a blog!
even has a post on it!
is wounded.
is alive
shakes his head
tickles George
is detailing Optional Rule Seven: Super Cavaliers
is including a "How to use this Right" and a "How to Screw This Up" section for each bonus rule
isn't going to get that fine about it
is still on her bunk in her stateroom, some siginificant time after the last episode
and Starfyre are doing....something. Or not. All I know is that they aren't here right now.
is in her "office", doing her thang.
arrives at the door to Shakti's stateroom, and slides the door open a bit to look inside. ((and all conversation to follow is in Trade unless otherwise stated.))
is sitting on the end of her bunk, looking up slightly when Marrighan opens the door. She looks, to be frank, like shit.
fumbles for what to say for a second...
puts out that last in a rush, and makes to go.
stops...and reluctantly comes into the room.
tries teh funny!
shifts slightly, as if preparing to stand
steps forward as if to restrain Shakti from leaving, and trips, pitching into Shakti. As she falls forward, her head clips the edge of the bunk with a solid *thunk!*
is suprised by suddenly having a Marrighan.
is stunned for a moment, then curls up into a ball on the bunk, clutching her head.
takes a second to comprehend what happened, the rights herself and reaches out to Marrighan.
puts a hand on Marrighan's head, near the site of impact, and starts healing.
stops, and gives one sniff. Her eyes are watering from the pain, as she sits up. She looks at Shakti with a mix of wonder and curiosity.
makes short work of the injury and turns to sink back into herself again, but Marrighan's words pull her back a bit. She seems confused and looks askance at Marrighan, not connecting the dots fast enough
sounds thrilled, and turns a bit more sideways to Marri. She still appears to be listening, at least.
sounds pretty unethisastic, in fact.
is pretty much folded in half to fit on the bunk.
looks worried by Shakti's general lack of animation.
finally blurts out:
almost winces and turns a little further away, responding after a long pause, as if it's being dragged out of her
blinks several times.
is apparently unfamiliar with that term.
looks at Shakti concernedly, then reaches out and takes hold of Shakti 's wrist. Her long, narrow fingers wrap all the way around the wrist.
shakes her head, but says quietly "I could think you did, though..."
looks a bit shocked.
shakes her head, and agonizes for a second before starting to stand
hasn't let go, and in fact pulls on the wrist as Shakti tries to stand.
is halted in her acsent
gives Shakti Puppy Dog Eyes of Pleading, +3.
quavers in her resolve, then sits back down
is far from convincing.
gives Shakti a quick hug.
stiffens, then hesitantly returns the hug.
then gets up from the bunk, and climbs up into the upper bunk. There is a bit of rustling as she makes herself comfortable in the confined space. After a bit, a curly-haired head with violet eyes sticks out over the edge and looks at Shakti.
has a very definite "huh?" look
gives Shakti a sly grin.
makes an effort, and verges on a smile.
smiles back broadly, and vanishes back over the edge. She's quiet for a moment...then....
is quiet for a moment....
stalls out.
sound guarded.
asks in a very small voice.
blinks, opens her mouth, closes it, and blinks.
((tries to remeber for sure if Shakti knows abotu the Deidre thing))
teeters on the edge of asking 'why', but pulls herself back for now.
sounded vaguely disappointed in the answer Shakti gave.
sighs and makes herself lie down, despite how much she doesn't really want to sleep
rustles around a bit, then is silent except for her steady breathing.
probably passes out against her will eventually.
logs everything
lacks food, and is there for going to raid a deli and backery.
is tripping
hasn't actually played homeworld2 in quite some time.
wonders if someday there will be a Reductio ad Creationism
goes and files an Equal Employment Opportunity suit against AT, citing inequality in rewards.
produces a plausible employment contract and faked W-2s.
seems to be up shit creek in a leaky canoe
thinks it serves him right, for being so damn arbitrary.
packs his bags and departs!
gives Siber a small medal
adds it to the pile
might frame "[00:05:07] <AT_Eleven_and_a_HalfPercent> Get a bit away from the source images"
wises up
just saw the BP
ponders attempting, scientificly, to recreate the sucess of the Thread.
vomits blood onto Starfyre
tastes delicious to certain people!
does a quick check to see whether it's AT's blood, his blood, or someone else's
keeps waiting for the ark to load
enjoys the pic, now that it's *finally* loaded.
assumes the pic is of the reyla
prods Starfyre with prose
navigates ze ark
nods, and reads
is pretty sure they're artifacts of her previous experiences more than anything else.
hates everything
is unfamiliar with it.
is sorry
suggests going for a slightly darker blond with the alyshya
likes the tattoo too.
just accidnetally linked the demontrio pic in #BSF
is hoping it stays that way
catches on fire
actually reads the SnS log.
falls over.
goes to bed.
should acquire and play a fire emblem game one of these days
has a friend with a GC, a broadband adapter, and a copy of PSU
tries to decide if that's impressive, or silly,
suddenly has an image of Greywind's hair coming alive, wrapping around an offending Loroi's throat and delivering a massive psionic shock...
will not be awarding medals, though.
is given the option bettwen a sniper rifle and a tank
takes the tank
drops the tank on Tamren from a great height.
says with a fake Castillian accent.
is considering having Shakti sneak some stims to have decent wakefullness the next day with little to no sleep, but is concearned that might lead to a darker road than he wants to go down.
is working up to something like it
attacks Starfyre with dust rag and furniture polish!
polishes Starfyre to glowing luster.
turns a spotlight on himself, and blinds siber
ponders indirect laser communications
ponders sending ninjas to bisect Tamren. Using spoons.
breaks out the banjo.
turns a spotlight on himself, and blinds beausabre
puts on danger sensitive sunglasses.
appears harmless!
makes 'em turn black!
sees a line of cars, and paint them black
assumes we are using diamonds.
attempts to mentally balance Exalted and finishing Little Bird's jaunt
ended up back at the Mary Sue calculator, and put the main character of the Wheel Of Time Series through it
doesn't really know how that works, but...
wonders where god has gotten off to
checks for an AT
flips his cape and employs the Meep-Eep Defense!
summons down a plague of tamrens
convinces them of the error of their ways
proposes kidnapping 'sabre and making him do the texturing.
has no objection to AT doing them
hears his name being mentioned...and tries to slip out the back door.
iniates lockdown
loved the looks of those so hard
prepares for TAXES!
contemplates a blue-and-white dazzle painted police car, with the intent of attracting attention.
thinks there's more chunks, but those are the two he has
hasn't actually done this before, you see.
detonates in a kiloton-scale explosion
assaults Mjolnir's bandwidth futiley with PNGs
wonders if sufficently poor math grades would be a viable excuse for filing taxes incorrectly.
decides to try a bit more Trancendance
remembers when the mouse was considered "cheating"
makes a note to put AT in charge of making the animation work.
poinks AT.
got the rest of it down.
also got it in the right order.
suspects AT's savewhoring ways are rubbing off on him.
generally ponders stuff.
has a mildly limited cast to work with, and those with uncertain levels of player interest.
is moderately interested....
ponders what possible here-to-fore unplanned tIRC events might possibly be interesting, and who might be available for such.
slaps Icefox and runs off crying.
stands there like the idiot he is.
shows Icefox the door....face first.
guesses that's still the test dummy, and the whole outfit will go back on the tank-sitting chick?
illustrates with this:  http://www.arklyffe.com/twtgallery/v/Beausabre/Poser/test6.jpg.html
makes a note.
reads over his shoulder?
's note reads "AT is a snoop."
also has a grocery list.
examines his arms
dumps a bottle of coconut milk on AT.
is soggy
is sad
shakes out his blue robe and hair
snatches the bottle
drinks the bottle
eyes Sabre, and then moves off
turns back
is mournful and glum at this most cherished way to punish AT
looks cautious
obliges with a video montage.
laughs a little, then a bit more, then breaks down laughing
says, between gasping for breath
gets up, then screws his eyes up into his brow
catches on fire and runs around convincingly, complete with the smell of coconut and burnt hair
stops screaming, still burning quite convincingly and stands there
snaps his fingers and the fires disappear. He snaps his fingers again and his ruined skin and face and cloak restore themselves
materializes a jug of coconut milk
says, shaking his head and laughing as he heads down to the basement
downshifts back to reality.
goes on an adventure.
is not particularly adventurous with his guns
got it from Pandora.
might suggest trying out http://www.pandora.com/stations/70dbc1d78292665e2c26633cbce3bc9c466957fc96e4da2e as something to listen to...
hates his job too
shows starf http://i262.photobucket.com/albums/ii112/EatThePath/HWAT/AF_01_Perspective_48.png
also forces good music upon Starfyre http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o6eTdM6Q2v8
mehs at the music
remembers 'tromeo and juliet' most fondly
hates @ RBC for it's sellection of stuff
is x-treem bitter.
listens to Damien Marley - Confrontation
is trying to do software-defined radio with an 8-bit microcontroller
was expecting more idiocy by Tamren.
wraps Siber in barbed wire and fiberglass dipped in hot sauce.
checks backlog...
imagines a street filled with those cars.
is calling eddie
giggles, driven insane by the patterns.....  http://www.arklyffe.com/twtgallery/v/Beausabre/Poser/Ubran_Dogg.jpg.html
may have to do that next
points at:  http://www.ipmsstockholm.org/magazine/2004/05/stuff_eng_vaiano_chieftain.htm
has been getting that impression.
fails to have Gtalk
shows him. "Avatar Terminus and Releyara Request Your Presence, etc, etc, etc."
is in earshot
ponders actions
is still trying to find his stratch sheet from the last session
has MDV 5, so is not compelled to follow Fen's commands
has found his scratch sheet!
cackles like a stoned hyena.
has appearance 5...
was considering Focus, actually
has medicine
hurts and stings
wants to keep the 7 on the third attack
is getting started on that then
gets out the popcorn and takes a seat
implores them, sketching a small bow of respect when mentioning the honor of the order
listens up, because not getting punched any more sounds pretty good about now.
thinks a lot of yellimh
fires a Clan v1.0 ER PPC
already has four
dopeslaps Starfyre
wants to see that
notes that demolition derbies don't tend to involve giant buzzsaws and hydraulic hammers
thinks they should
imagines this would be killer for pay per view
waves around the lady in huge armor with teh big jade daiklave.
pays attention
becomes attentive
drops his weapon into a guard position, and generally backs away towards cerin
snags his boomerange, assuming he doesn't have to wait for ticks, and looks for someone who looks like they know bandages
waits for the DBs to drop outta sight, then immediately drops the air of command and awe-inspiringness, instead looking somewhat exhausted and relieved. She catches sight of Child's injuries, and hurries on over
will be leaning against a tree, then.
heads to cerin, cleaning his blade
says @Cerin, attempting to team medicate CotBW
sheathes his blade, and keeps a close watch on the surrounding woods and the two strange exalted
finishes up on CotBW and marches imperiously over to the Lunar
attempts to brush off Cerin. But also doesn't do much to try to leave his tree... expect unless the other nreaby burning tree looks like it's going to spread
puts her hands on her hips
heckles from afar
lightly hits CotBW to quiet him
throws stuff at the diplomat-who's-sitting-back-letting-the-lady-do-all-the-work.
makes with the first aid.
wasn't so much heckling as, you know, joining in? oh well, oof
will wait for the lunar's next line, though
goes for his sword
tries to stay Erayk
is stayed
winces at the sight of it
is presumably introduced, one way or another.
notes that he's the only party member with a silly exalt name
arches an eyebrow and gets out her diplomacy face
assumes that all the party members can speak the same language.
turns to the rest
is pondering
adjusts his file
covers Starfyre in grafitti, most of it profanity.
points out that a turquise color is fairly common on this example: http://www.ipmsstockholm.org/magazine/2004/05/stuff_eng_vaiano_chieftain.htm
fails at arithmatic
may never recover!
consoles beausabre
consoles Icefox too
makes a point to stay out of george's closet
notes that Icefox does not yet have plausible deniablity.
eyes icefox
hasn't had the cops be a pain unless he went to a confed base
is back
is amused by the idea of CotBW taking Appearance leasons from LF
has 2 months of stat training already
trains lika master!
can see why training attributes would be a pain in the rear and time-consuming
fumbles around to try and find the mouse...
goes to eat!
offers icefox parts
builds The Frankenbox
isn't sure what kind of parts they are
needs to train appearance!
should have at least skimmed the social combat rules
debates siber!
is so sorry?
fiddles with his character sheet until go
is confused now
rushes in, and starts handing out scripts to all and sundry.
reads through it
leafs through
looks at Starfyre's copy....
steals Siber's script
rips the page out.
finds his spot, wherever the script says
points about 2 ft to the right of Starfyre.
shifts over
is somewhere or another
is in the cockpit, doing her thang.
is in Ops, generally watching Marri, and occasionally looking back into the commons area.
is about, not as dead tired as one might expect, but still far from a ray of sunshine, probably haunting the hatchway to the cockpit
keeps an eye on everything all at once
has the interior up on high resolution holograms in the commons and Ops. She highlights an area.
glaces at Starfyre and Beausabre, not really having been keeping close tabs on Titan's activities
refrains from making in unanimous, but only barely.
highlights their locations.
points at the two new forms.
looks at Shakti.
is not in the best mood this morning either.
rolls her eyes
does so while looking away from Beausabre, though.
steers Little Bird through the outer door of the starboard ops bay, and into the inner chamber, where she sets it down. The door closes behind her.
gets up out of his chair, and nearly bumps into Shakti.
is nearly bumped into, and attempts to slip out of the way
only reluctantly leaves the cockpit
tries to slip the same way.
goes right past them and into wherever the baggage is kept
is busily shutting down LB, and getting ready to hand her over for refit.
steps back a bit.
gets out of the way, and slips off to a side of the commons
shakes his head, and heads for his stateroom to grab his bag.
is perpetually packed, of course
acquires item 'dufflbag'
emerges from the cockpit a few minutes later. She has a small bag with her.
smiles, and sets off down the cabin, through the lower deck, and to the ramp, which is already lowering as she gets there.
follows along behind
trails along behind
looks around with interest.
looks to the indicated crate
walks over to a crate, and peels off a shipping label. Under, parlty obscured before, is a Solija logo.
glares at the logo
says this mostly to herself.
reads what he can of the label...or labels, as it turns out.
raises an eyebrow.
gives the crate a kick, regardless.
leans over to beausabre
frowns at them.
watches the pair approach with curiousity.
gives Starfyre a mildly annoyed look for his bluntness
directs this question to the ship's "owners".
nods at SnS.
watches them go, then shakes her head
nods at Starfyre.
turns and nods to Shakti and Beausabre.
actually smiles at Starfyre.
makes a non-commital noise in response to Titan's question.
looks up at Little Bird.
clears his throat.
chuckles slightly at Beausabre's description of Marri's concearn for LB
looks over at Shakti, and gives her a quick smile. At least she can laugh about something.
doesn't laugh a lot, but a little.
gives a small smile.
waves a manipulator at them.
looks a bit nonplussed at the intrusion.
floats up to Shakti, takes her right hand and pumps it in an enthusiastic handshake.
has her hand shaken
proceeds to Beausabre, and repeats the performance.
lets go, and proceeds to Starfyre....
eyes him for a bit, then shakes the offered manipulator
forgoes the handshake and hugs Starfyre!
lets go,and produces a lollipop from somewhere, and hands it to Starfyre.
accepts is solemnly
continues on about the details....and behind her another small group of androids enter the bay. But these seem to be under guard, or at least herded by, a small group of drones. They all wear red jumpsuits, and seem definitely not happy to be here.
watches the group cross the bay. A couple seem to take note of the presence of Little Bird.
waits for a break in Titan's story, then inquires with a small gesture to the redshirts
shakes her head.
looks uncomfortable again.
shrugs. Its seems to be contagious.
and Belle emerge down the ramp behind the group.
walks up the group. She's smiling broadly.
extends her hand to Marrighan.
takes the hand a bit confusedly.
lets go.
sees the farewells proceeding along and digs out her charm
's posture and expression changes, and Meryl is back.
((would like to announce that the giants won the super bowl, and also that the pats can suck it))
practically winces at the assault of cheeryness
is stunned by the onslaught of cheerifulness.
wields charm
does too!
is once again the center of attention, as she so loves to be, and teleports them all back to the living room at the house
tosses his bag into corner.
deflates onto the couch
looks a bit disappointed to lose her new friends.
appears in the room.
mimics feigned sincerity and cheerfulness.
scowls a bit.
shrugs pretty non-commitally at the question about the trip
turns to Starfyre and Beausabre for an answer.
tries to hug all four at once.
tries to smile and frown at once.
is hugged
is hugg'd!
is out of reach for that feat, if he obeys the laws of physics
probably hugs Starf and Marrighan first, then Beausabre and Shakti.
has all the hugability of a frozen fish.
gives Starfyre a look that plainly appends "fool" to the sentence.
gives Icefox a capsule brief on the situation with the reluctant Cyberdyne androids.
heads for the kitchen to get a bottle of supplement.
looks confused.
does her best to be inconspicious
looks confused at Icefox's confusion.
holds up a gold-embossed business card with FAR too much enthusiasm.
is rendered speechless at the proposition, but takes the card out of reflex.
holds the card as if it might bite him.
has an expression that is dark
feels the radiated emotion from Shakti without even having to look.
actually appears more panicy than angry, truth be told, as if looking for an escape route
can't read Infernal!
doesn't know that!
makes a note not to go barhopping with AT anytime soon.
gives Icefox a look that says "Do you want an honest answer to that question?"
mutters something unkind.
has about had it.
makes her own escape sneakily while Icefox is busy talking about the virtues of wine.
walks over to pick up his bag...and pockets the card.
tries to sorta herd Shakti and Sabre in the same direction.
heads up the stairs, looking defeated.
looks around.
comes back into the living room.
has disappeared!
is done with RP for tonight, for the record, so going to track down Shakti is a poor idea
suddenly stops.
looks unconvinced, and excuses herself to go take care of things.
might be lying for Marrighan's benefit.
ponders a way to bring Meryl and Belle to the House sometime!
thinks they need to get Marri out into the wider world more.
mounts tamren outside of his hull, for additional armor
uses Tamren to fill in potholes, then drives his tank over it.
is sad
will be crashing shortly too
did find it eventually.
sighs, climbs into his little ship, hits x, and holds down z
wonders how close to an anarchy a society can get with good comunications infrastructure without exploding
hugs Icefox
consoles icefox
imagines releyara singing "it's my life" in a major key
watches Haloid.
EXPLODES WITH IRE.
does have to laugh at Tamren's atempt to defend his style
saw a one-shot pistol weapon in Exalted, and noted that someone with three resources could own as many as he needed
is relaxed!
revels in capitalism
bonks Mjolnir for double posts.
had his sound off
is impressed by the high tech debreis collection method.
tackles beausabre
gets the net!
's favorite strategy fails!
's favorite strategy is, of course, when pursued, to get to get to the front of the pack and start yelling "There he goes! Follow me!"
assaults the snack table, and waits
locates his prey, and rapidly closes
gets a slight sense of impending danger, but does not react strongly enough to it.
resumes efforts to find a way out of Anakah's grasp
is very heavy and difficult to dislodge
looks and sounds confused
upgrades the rattling to teeth-clattering, and claws a bit
is convincing in her denials.
is unconvinced
adds something probably very insulting in infernal
has a limited infernal vocabulary!
hisses something about lies and thumps shakti against the floor a few times
growls something, but stops thumping shakti
(is back)
sounds like she firmyl believes that idea is perposterous
sounds more choked up than angry.
growls threateningly, and thumps shakti
growls frustratedly
growls louder
has a telling change of expression
squeezes shakti perhaps a bit too hard
sounds unethusastic about the telling part.
is very unwilling to give up her position of superiority, but she does let shakti's arms go, and grumbles.
rolls up onto her feet, watching Anakah but not standing or atempting to flee as she rubs her sore arm and mutters something about crushing.
is very full demonic, and very twitchy
is also glaring at shakti pretty hard
is hesitant
fails her eye contact check
stops regarding shakti angrily, and sta- well, she still regards her angrily, but she also looks like shakti just admitted to sleepdriving, or something equally dangerous
levels an arm at shakti and almost shouts something at her
stands up and backs away, alarmed and confused
eyes shakti
sorta trails off as she remebers that in fact her last statement was partially a lie.
eyes shakti harder
is starting to sound uncertain of herself.
looks like she wants to rattle shakti
defends herself!
isn't coming up with much, but she is shaking her fist in a very menacing fashion
seems to be getting pissed herself now.
snarls, and tackles shakti
is not caught unawares this time and pulls a reversal, using Anakah's inertia to roll her over, and ending up on top, doing a half-decent job at pinning her. She does have exceptional strength for her size
attempts to roll over and pin shakti under her
is pretty much shouting now, a short distance from Anakah's face. She manages to retain the advantage for the moment, stabilizing herself from the attempted rolling
shouts back
looks like Anakah just slapped her, and if Anakah wanted to make a move, now would definetly be the time.
gets an arm free and tosses shakti off of her, the follows through with a lightning-fast pounce
((Wonders if Mel is watching all of this))
is probably unable to mount an effective defense in time to do much.
thoroughly pins shakti
is pinned
intervenes, in the form of a Naga that takes the dojo door of its hinges as it slams through.
transmits through a set of riot control speakers set into the Naga, and brings its fighting arms up into the ready position.
gives shakti a little shake, then gets up, backing off.
moves to interpose the Naga between Shakti and Anakah.
stares at the Naga, then scrambles to her feet as soon as Anakah lets up, and puts plenty of distance bettween herself and the demon
((drops a pin))
edges towards a door, alternatively eying shakti and the naga
yeilds the room to give Anakah a clear shot at the door, watching her warily
maneuvers to keep the Naga between the two....
makes for the door with just enough slowness to make it look like she's not retreating or anything
says, at about 110 decibels!
jumps, bolts halfway to the door, and snarls at mel when she realizes nothing happened
glares daggers at the Naga momentairly when she recovers herself
((waits for Anakah to fully exit))
seems surprisingly amused, for a faceless death machine.
makes for the door, and stalks out
waits until Anakah is well out the door, then begins a growl that grows into a small roar of frustration as she kicks the nearest available thing. Which is a wall
turns and regards Shakti through the staring sensors of the Naga.
curses and hops minimally
can be heard running down the hallway
mutters something nasty about certain people
is of course recording for incorporation into her simulations!
has a considerably mussed-up appearance at the moment, and turns to the newcomer. She doesn't look particlarly pleased, and responds curtly
dabs at a cut on his arm
straightens out her clothing angrily
doesn't explain right off the bat, holding the hope that Melusine will explain.
turns to face Starfyre.
sounds like he wants to laugh
produces a video of the relevant scene.
looks distinctly uncomfortable.
begins to pace.
sounds somewhat hostile.
gives Starfyre a look meant to say "Why are you still here?"
gives shakti this look that says "Why don't you pull your head out of your ass?", then turns to leave
paces a time longer, then returns to delivering her beatings to the bag with redoubled effort, muttering dire imperactions upon Starfyre, Anakah, and Icefox all, till she runs out of energy.
was trying to work in a comment from her illustraiting this fact, but it didn't work out.
seems to remember AT threatening to toss her back downstairs if something serious happened.
thinks a Siber-Salaah chat woudl be in order before she did much with Shakti.
feels like he lost track of things somewhere
has probably talked with Siber about it before!
thought it was a mass driver or something similar
wonders how long it'd take for them to become more or less 'safe'
wonders how bad the shockwave effects would really be.
wonders if Shakti being dragged off to the andes in short order would kill any possible apology that might happen.
imagines Icefox catching her popping back, taking the charm, and teleporting her back. Without the charm.
sees starfyre perhaps insisting that anakah apologize to shakti with some fairly strong terms
would believe that
half expected Anakah to come back with a "Why, is he not good enough?" type line when Shakti issued categorical denials.
thinks back
wonders how much Anakah would have flipped if she'd been able to see the court character that did the swapping
beleives it would have been akin to a minor apocalypse
wonders how often demons really use fire as an attack form. They can call it up pretty easy, but they also tend to be pretty fireproof as well
thinks immunities, outside of certain categories, are kinda silly and unbalancing
is sorta pondering, inspired by Icefox, Shakti setting up in the long run, some good time after Scatterd, as defensive spells for any place she lives in, a sort of framework that makes the stunt with using the Court as figthers easier
falls over.
thinks he may name a ship the Lorem Ipsum sometime
is fiddling with his blog.
's eyes bleed
is in search of asthetic opinions
does have a low opinion of bloggers overall, but that might be because of stuff like livejournal and youtube.
can agree with every point a polically correct person makes, and still hate their guts
sets rant mode off
will refrain from throwing out SSNs and passwords for the time being.
is hauled off to jail
finishes tweaking his character for now.
doesn't know seven seas, supporting Sev's case.
wonders if there's a cap on accuracy bonus to damage
slaps george
needs to work. g'bye
is working on unwrapping, shush
has texture file!
has a turret barrel unwrapped
napalm rockets
checks to see if photobucket is still down
must now link bondage.png over in #BSF with no preamble
forgoes the possible chaos and uploads pics
so wishes you could set bookmarks in the 'save file' dialouge boxes
is starting to make textures happen
deploys protonuclear froonium.
is back
points at AT.
tweaks triangulation like mad
is sorry?
off to kendo
wonders if Shakti's magic eyes could even see Salaah
imagines Beausabre's reaction if nobody gets around to telling him before they bundle Shakti off to the mountains.
thinks Salaah is about the perfect choice, really, as long as she doesn't flip out again.
finds the fact that Mjolnir is the main peadler of lolcats here somewhat odd and possibly disturbing.
notes that Colloquy is currently exceeded only by Safari in memory usage...and he has about 20 windows full of tabs open in Safari
points to "I'm going to unwrap"
changes to "I am unwrapping"
has the feeling frequently.
is done unwrapping
more or less agrees with Beausabre's reaction to the EVA photos
is almost done downloading it
needs a nap...
trudges through
is sorry?
kidnaps 'sabre
wonders what the shit fuck cock ass an actions window is
goes and launders
reads the readme for the RDN tools
flips off Relic for making Maya a requirement
moves on
approves of this move.
kills everything
hopes he's excepted from that....
isn't exactly sure
afears that "Which side is which" will be a problem...
gives AT some chocolate-chip-peanut-butter cookies as a pacifier and retires for the night.
huggeh Beausabre
thinks he needs to find an unwrapping tutorial for Wings and have AT do that part, too.
points at the darkness outside the window.
has no idea how to install the relic plugins in his photoshop either
searches for "RDN tools" "Photoshop" "Making it the fuck work!"
may invent past conversations with Icefox on the fly if nessisary.
thinks that's what Beausabre gets for sleeping.
doesn't have much in the way of brains anyway
wishes he had a car as cool as the deliverator's vehicle
isn't sure if he managed to do that yet today quite
does wonder if it's possible to proceeduraly detect an interesting or good action.
is about to head to class
speaks of ships and shoes and sealing wax
is mocking a bad science TV commercial
HATES being foiled.
likes the idea of a Midnight Assassin.
slowly loses his mind
decides that Defcon has made him a much better RTS gamer
isn't sure how he feels about strikecraft squads, all told
stabs the C preprocessor in the EYES.
looks up
gets a face full of sleet
was more or less under one when they did a regular test once
hands Mjolnir a can of potassium superoxide and a glass of water.
sprinkles the KO2 in Tamren's bed
thinks that success is seldom beside the point.
is still watching, but this seems good http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Afttcxd6law
signs Siber up as an Associate Security Specialist with Arachnid.
might never show up!
believes there's a mass below which it won't chain react catastrophicly, and therefor a lower boom limit
ponders giving them a rattle...
tries to figure out how to clarify confusion in the last Scattered fight.
hates just tacking adjectives on
then smacks his head, as he has gotten nowhere!
wonders if anyone would dare dub the warrior 'Xena'
got the reference.
is back
hangs his head in shame
is now 19
has a pic open now
seeks out a Salaah
has been located by Melusine as sitting in the backroom, asleep under a blanket in a rocking chair with a Popular Mechanics on her lap
enters the back room and surveys the scene.
is rocking rather quietly, drownt out by the rain pattering against the ceiling-height back windows
hmms, decides he can let her sleep if he needs to, and steals the magazine to browse in the meantime, making some effort to be stealthy about it
opens her eyes cooly as he comes near, looking at him
almost holds the utterly badass/creepy stare... but then does a quiet half yawn
is speaking heavily accented english, but her mastery of grammar especially is improving almost nightly
takes a seat nearby
finds himself being derailed and attempts to get back on track
chuckles at that last one to herself.
looks neutral
looks deeply frustrated and irritated
rubs his chin a bit
(epic level sigh)
raises an eyebrow and thinks
hmms for a moment
seems hesitant, but pushes on
looks baffled
is in some distant land, trudging along.
is probably wearing the underlayer of her combat suit under her hiking clothes, and is likely trailing a little behind Salaah, wherever they are.
is rather enjoying the distance and is moving at a liberal pace
stops and waits for Shakti
is keeping up decently, though is not quite as smooth in her travel as Salaah. She has said about as little as possible as yet.
repeats this procedure, setting an aggressive pace along a preplanned path up a number of good sized hills. She watches and waits for Shakti, but does little else. She has yet to consume water, though is sweating somewhat
keeps up considerably well, but eventually has to take a break, and finds a comfortable tree when she catches up with Salaah.
looks confused
smiles to herself and shakes her head
offers a bottle of water
frowns, but takes the bottle and starts to drink
doesn't even have to think
takes another sip.
holds the bottle out to her
stows it
looks un-comfortable and blushes slightly
seems uncomfortable with the mixup
gives a small smile
pantamimes a giant afro
sighs and levers herself up from the tree she's been leaning on
thinks, and hastily adds
says, mocking her earlist accent
gives a half smile, then things for a moment. her mood seems to darken a bit
grimaces and runs one hand through what there is of her hair
looks worried
blinks, taken somewhat aback, and looks decidedly unsure how to awnser that.
gives the look of a foreigner's incomprehension
looks about for a second, as if looking for an escape option in the conversation, and then
shakes her head
makes a strangish signal, but after she shoulders her pack and starts walking again, noticeably slower, it can be quickly inferred to mean "hey, c'mon c'mon"
follows along
nods with comic vigourousness
is momentairly alarmed, but then rembers that Anakah seems to be up and about yet
gives Shakti a quick inscrutable look
mulls that over
doesn't say anything, but nods, weather Salaah is looking or not
probably isn't.
takes a deep breath
is so close to done
might see Anakah actually tracking them down, on foot, to appologize, if properly motivated.
has them
is moving in on Ara's territory
over for tonight
really needs to get off work earlier
is oh-so-sorry
has acquired an iPod Touch!
wants to find whoever invented The Game and give him some sort of award, then slap him
thinks it looks very homeworldish
slaughterkills word 07
sorta assumed it'd do that automaticly, actually.
cackles like a stoned hyena.
subverts the system
makes a funny face.
has no desire to hug a squid.
tries to contemplate that scene....and fails miserably.
isn't comfortable with the angling of that gun
enters the living room...and looks around curiously.
is leafing through an atlas in the living room
pauses...and heads over to Kara, and clears his throat.
looks up
blinks. His face has the same lack of comprehension that it would if Kara had just said "4 time A equals blue" or "I was just elected King of Sardinia."
snaps her book closed, sets it down, stands, and rounds on Beausabre.
blinks again.
goes from being defensive....
seems a bit irritated that Kara has pointed out he's been slacking...in no small part because she's right.
puts up her book and heads out.
stomps off upstairs to retrieve his stuff.
enter the dojo, and shakes off the coat she wore out to it. Underneath she on her padded practice armor and is carrying her practice swords.
is waiting in the center of the floor, armored, as usual
puts her gear down, and starts stretching.
seems to always be limber.
finishes her routine, picks up her swords and approaches Kara.
is carrying a basket-hilted sword, and a main gauche....and pauses as observes Kara.
blinks again. (She's been doing that a lot today.) Then she gets a rather sour look on her face.
brings up her sword in salute....and suddenly lunges at Kara.
slips out of the sword's path and darts in to deliver several open handed strikes to Beausabrette, making enough contact to let 'sabre know she's been hit without doing any real damage, before darting back out again just as fast.
gets an angry look on her face, and lashes out at Kara, almost blindly with her sword.
alternately pursues Kara...or ineffectually tries to block her attacks. She gets angrier and angrier...and sloppier and sloppier.
slips past another sloppy swing and catches Beausabrette's arm, locking her elbow and forcing her down, then sweeping out a foot to knock Beausabrette's legs out from under her.
hits the ground with a mighty thump...and idly wonders if Mel had the floor set to "Extra-hard."
releases Beausabrette's arm and glares down at her.
blinks the stars out of her eyes.
glares at Kara, but turns away at her steely disapproval, and mutters under her breath:
rolls to her knees.
doesn't seem to want to elaborate.
sags a little.
is anguished!
pauses, then climbs to her feet and bows to Kara.
returns the bow, and nods
shakes herself out, and assumes the ready position.
assumes her own stance, and waits for Beausabrette to strike first
sketches a quick salute with her sword, and lunges again.
proceeds to give a somewhat familiar beating, though she's not able to run quite so roughshod over her this time.
slides out just past the tip of Beausabrette's sword on another swing.
settles down, and starts to really work at it. Her style, as noted before, is a lot more flamboyant than "'sabre's", but it has really solidified under Kara's tutelage. She alternates cuts and thrusts with the broadsword with feints and parries with the main gauche.
grins, and feints with the sword to Kara's face while trying to gut her with the main gauche.
slips to the side of the face-stab and attempts to push the flat of the main gauche away from her as she slides in again
merely grins and tries to bash in Kara's temple with sword pommel on the back swing.
gets in a good hit or two before getting clipped by the pommel and staggering back. Her healing spells flare up breifly before dieing out again.
switches stances noticably to something less passive.
grins at her.
lunges in at her with a will, and goes on the offense full-force. She attacks Kara's defenses relentlessly.
uses an entierly different style of defense, attacking 'sabre's wrists, arms, and legs with abandon, still managing to mostly avoid the swords, but not perfectly.
grunts as she tries to fend off the worst of the attacks, but concentrates on attacking Kara. Her pace picks up steadily as she continues to press the attacks, smoothly shifting from using the sword to the main gauche as her offensive weapon.+
grins at the praise, and redoubles her efforts. Need the staff again, indeed!+
pushes harder and harder at Kara's defenses...and suddenly, her attacks are coming with blinding speed, the sword and dagger blurring as she aims combo after combo at Kara.
is understandably a bit stunned by this sudden turn, pushed into a solely defensive role. She manages to avoid most of the attacks still, but is no longer able to execute her own offensive
finds that she is being backed quite litteraly into a corner as she tries to keep out of the way of the practice blades, and does not much like it.
continues to hammer at Kara for a few seconds....but then slows, and stumbles to her knees. Her weapons drop to the floor as she suddenly starts shaking. She seizes her arms to try and stop it.
stops when Beausabre does, then darts to her side
is drawing up her magic even as she asks
is still shivering, and sweating profusely.
runs diagnostic magic over Beausabre, then begins to heal her selectively.
's shaking slows....and she regains her breath.
looks up at Kara.
looks puzzled...and exhausted.
starts to laugh...then thinks better of it.
is breathing easier now.
looks at her hands, and flexes them experimentally.
shakes herself...and gets to her feet a bit unsteadily.
turns to Kara...and manages to bow without falling over...mostly.
bows back and picks up the swords
leaves the thought unfinished.
starts for the door to the dojo.
makes her way back to the door under her own power, and even manages to get her coat without falling over.
pushes the appropriate buttons.
ponders having Mel introduce a Croquet Android.
cuts Siber in half.
is fourth in 2/2 catagories
aint a fan of anything in there bot the sausage, in fact.
makes judgements on other people's breakfasts!
dismisses Siber's judgement dismissively!
eliminates ~sighblah from existance by going back and time and moving a crucial Glory Device
shambles after Starfyre....
wanders away
hands Mjolnir_work his spear and magic helmet.
throws Mjolnir into a leaky boat and pushes it away from the pier!
nods back
didn't do it!
notes that the spacesuits are numbered - 3, 5 and 6 are all visible on the backpack.
doesn't know
hangs a sign on Starfyre's neck that reads "Know Nothing".
does know nothing!
inquires of beausabre
takes beausabre's car keys and dashes off
goes back to reading the paper.
contemplates an aluminum drink can.
overall approves
isn't sure entierly about the lighting placement.
wonders about a forum where lack of creativity is a banable offense.
thinks that might be the best, or worst forum ever, depending on how creativity was defined.
thinks historical accuracy might involve a shirt
emphasizes "guys".
just thinks it's an excuse for T&A.
will admit that the gear itself looks pretty solid
gets ready for work
thinks he's found a plausible alternative.
was sort of thinking they might be RFID tags or something...
went to the site without the ".au".
is blinded by bad graphics!
loots "a mnemonic cube labled "Anthrax1.1""
questions the wisdom of trial and error for this time
is still iffy on the background.
just ran across a project to port EVE to HW2
is attempting to import into HW2!
tries agai!
is not sure the 'make this a valid texture' button is working
suspects user error.
kill everything.
is replaying Marathon
beats head against desk
add's Vaarok's ego, Zor's density, and Tamren's idiocy to Mar's mass/
thinks the newer version of the render is better, yes.
hoses down AT with a fire extinguisher
is in a funk
will try talking to his boss about it next time he sees him.
had a simular day today
finds it irritating too]
might have an ulterior motive.
has that shit too
enjoys going to a science college
definately falls into the former category
high fives
high fives.
doesn't think IUPUI even really has frats
envisions an exalted band
is also uploading 4x2 ships
is staring at 2 oz of beef jerky in a 8" x 11" container
is only willing to claim that accomplishment so far.
woke up at 7:15 or so, got up enough to see a clock, then said "Fuck this, it's saturday." and rolled over.
hands Beausabre an aspirin
gets better
is seriously out of depth in transcendance
beats head against desk
forces AT_ThirtyThreePercent back a percent
fights back with the strength of seventeen noodle-armed gamer dudes
is sending the psd now
smacks AT with a stunned halibut.
wonders if they've changed the Lost Odyssey gameplay up any
actually gone now
too, really
will do it!
needs to mess with some .ship files to make testing faster
grumbles and starts HW2 again
didn't place it right off the bat.
thought so.
demands some non-violent action to put his rejected murders in
suspected length
is going to have to start a new transcendance game
uses local stations to kill a kited enemy and loots
ponders eventual stuff and later things.
sort of sees it now.
still thinks this is his favorite comic: http://keychain.patternspider.net/archive/koc0014.html
lays traps for Icefox's return!
suspects Beausabre of bordem
will never confess!
must now go on a milk run
ponders just how much Icefox's theory is worth...
adjusts his tinfoil hat.
ponders stuff, things, werewolves, and world domination.
has heard, yes.
suspects Siber of boredom.
is bored!
is uploading his picture.
fails to upload because Renderosity tells him his image does not exist.
is somewhat low on them
is too.
thought the black faxes was somewhat clever, as such things go.
is somewhat interested in how this whole thing shakes out
may have to see if there is a local chapter here.
just lost mouse use totally and unexpectedly
goes to dig out a USB mouse
begins building a matrix o standard two-character interaction pairs to try and find interesting holes
checks to see if that sink has fallen off again
notes that Icefox never got around to giving out his presents. Besides the foxball, that is.
may have to get a small desk fan, open up the case, and angle things just right...
takes the Ifurita.
notes that there are many more gaps in this chart than not
perches on Megara's head.
left a ?
KILLS HIS ENTER KEY
is back
is multitasking
stab stab stab stab stab stab stab
is afraid that he can't help AT
does think that school labs have coppies of modern photoshop on them, though
realizes how awesome laser-immune sheilds are
kicks Siber's corpse on the way out.
has no idea where the install media is
is guessing he missed eventfulness
gives AT a high five.
makes money in transcendance running drugs
points to aforementioned "jackasses" comment
had a truly sucktacular day, but now that it's over, he's starting to feel better.
has laser-imune sheilds, regenerating armor, dual relativistic cannons, and a small drone fleet. Life ain't bad
imagines Shakti might be reluctant about talking to Starf about the incident at all
is very very sorry
suspects it of being more detailrific
attempts to arange photoshop to not cover shit up, and it DIES
sad face
got a beard trimmer (YES), an incredible sweater, beef jerky, a book by dave barry, a cake, and more beef jerky
makes a note of it
thinks alphabet type stuff would be good.
isn't sure the writer had exactly the right ideal there... but it's close
feels pretty bleh, but better than last night
wants to see where they line up and... make them line up
notes that most all this detail goes down the drain when it goes to a reasonable size
wonders if its worthwhile to start off a firestorm.
might have had an easier time swallowing it if she weren't 13
might be more impressed with the comic if the viewer displayed it
gets his gametable on
looks up the article again
recalls all of this
points to Dancing Winds
indicates camp
is not willing to go any closer to the battlefield than absolutely necessary at this point
inspects the battlefield
will be watching for a possible repeat ambush, in case, untill they move on.
helps with the burial, as is only right
is useless for the moment
gets his two dots in favored skills and his combo
is short a day?
has 5 days left on his combo...
is refering both to Erayk and the AFK Eddie character and the Lunars
has all kinds of specifics
probably spends as much time as is prudent trying to pry more information out of them about their boss
is gonna write up some speech, don' worry
would like to do the same, but speeches are not coming
is not good at prying tactfully, but does have four charisma and three investigation
is going to try and use presence and seem nice and fuzzlywuzzly instead of investigation.
thinks AT might be going slightly overboard
disagrees, Mjolnir
waits a beat
wants to know who taught 'em the charms and stuff, and is attempting social action
looks at Starfyre suspiciously.
aims this at SS
shakes his head.
eyes Erayk
votes: latter
takes his sword, and eyes it
are naive
turns to Dancing Winds and Silent Strider
strips off his armor and sword, and finds a nice concealed place to stash it
instructs the kitty to bite anyone who tries to steal the stuff
unnerved, but...
straightens his clothing, and prepares to head townward
isn't sure the view counter works right
looks back to the Lunars
asks covertly as possible
attempts to locate the marketplace
looks dubious, but lets Fen do her thing
looks for a staffer who seems least disreputable and advances with a wise, slightly superior, and calm smile
trails along behind
preparares to be annoyed with naiveate
will standby and make sure nothing particlarly bad happens
is large and sorta imposing, but quier
smiles and puts a finger on his lips to quiet him.
takes a dot in linguistics and practices his Middle Rustic.
puts a large tip on his counter
feigns a slow survey of the town from the porch. What the heck is the rest of the party doing, besides watching spellbound?
is performing lady fen escort duties
is watching on with some amusement, andalso kinda doing the bodyguard thing
goes over to Goatwatcher and repeats sales pitch
hunts down the Lunars and leads them to the hovel
retires to the nearest chair approximate
groggily approaches the sound of moving rockface
acquires sheets, and sets out the door to his stash
gears up, and enters, eyes and ears looking for any sign of danger
notes that it has been considerably longer since someone's posted in the forum Thread
is fairly sure it's not exactly his turn
is certain its not his.
says, pointing to the crap
ganks the guides and loots the place!
approaches the statues and admires the craftsmanship
investigates the statues more closely
sticks more or less to the center, not sure he wants to get too close to anything
stays 5-6 feet away from ze statues. Do not touch seems safe
attempts to find inscriptions?
whirls and shouts in surprise!
takes a whirl as well
passes on the shout for the moment
twists on the voice and levels pointy thing
moves to place himself between cotbw and the demons
takes a javelin, and looks to see what the lunars are up to
thinks that there is something wrong with AT's view of the universe, but can't quite pt his finger on it.
is so far unimpressed
is attempting to radiate calmness.
nods sagely at each one
recalls what the lunars said
makes to leave?
makes a "Ssssh!!" gesture to Erayk
likes second panel arbiter
addresses the demons
indicates the Lunar's statues
continues not to have a damn clue what their chances are
will join in the conversation!
hits the PAUSE button.
still isn't seeing them
plots to rope Beausabre into exalted. Muahahah!
starts running.
is scared if that version of Cortana, for some reason....
maintains that the best part is the arbiter
has built a rapidly spinning ball of guns in BSF, with the hopes of it spinning and firing each gun in sequence
has dual boosted fast flenser cannons
gives all his material wealth to a nearby shrine, spends tons of time in contempantion, and using hte resulting blessings to fight free
just looted an undamaged 50MW reactor from his second station
spraypaints InvisibleSchwartz into visibility
plots terrible doom for AT
produces a veritable cutlery store of claws.
pounces her.
is pounced by a fox, which awakens all sorts of unfortunate species responses!
make sure he was thoroughly puncture-proof before pouncing.
starts beating Icefox on the head with a box.
lets her go.
quickly scoots away, and suppresses the urge to climb a tree.
opens the box and peeks inside... then whew's, closes it, and produces a similar-looking box.  Offers it to Megara.
looks at him suspiciously, her ears flattened and her tail twitching. She pats out the wrinkles in her dress (as opposed to grooming her fur) and pauses before taking the box.
looks into the box, twitches her ears, and....
pulls out the towel, with two fingers, and looks beneath it.
((is available if the situation calls for it))
looks over her shoulder
points at her ears.
steps up and ruffles the puppy's tummy, which elicits another yawn and a lazy stretch.
caught between the two poles of terror and cute! Oh, the anxiety!
flattens her ears again.
brightens up.
seems rather firm about this. Rather angry, too.
pauses for an aside.
sticks her head in from some other part of the house
reaches out a tentative hand....and draws it back.
hugs Megara, then lifts a sleepy and confused puppy out of the box and holds it up in front of Megara's face.
's face takes on a momentary looks of distress, and she takes a step back.
sees the dog, and frowns
generally noodles with the puppy.
puts a bit of sarcasm on that last.
says this as an aside, between rubbing the dachsund's tummy.
walks up to Icefox and Megara, and regards the dog
screws up her courage....and manages a tentative belly-rub on the puppy.
strongly resists pulling megara's tail
tries to hand the dog to Megara.
looks at her hand, seemingly amazed that she still has it.
tries another belly rub.
broadcasts some general annoyance, waring with the fact that it's a very cute puppy
holds the puppy out to her.
glares at Starfyre.
scoops up the dog. and tussles his ears a bit
adjusts out the puppy out of facelicking range and gives her face a hurried magic scrubdown
scruffles it
looks at the dog enjoying itself with Arry...with jealousy? Though the barking nearly sends her through the roof.
leaves an implied 'but you don't have to'
is clearly torn about this!
takes the dog from Arethusa and sets it on the ground, where it goes over to sniff at Megara's feet.
fights the urge to step back, and reaches down and picks up the dog awkwardly.
just watches as it wriggles around a bit, trying to find a comfortable position.
cautiously brings the dog up to her chest, and tentatively snuggles it.
gives Starfyre a questioning look.
grmaces, and somewhat averts her face, and her ears go back.
winces and rubs his neck
seems to realize that its not going to eat her immediately.
untenses a bit....and pets the dog on its head.
considers the dog.
sounds distracted as she ponders the implications of this
takes the puppy, and sets it down on the ground.  He then produces a sword out of nowhere, and gravely touches the flat to each of the puppy's shoulders.
sheaths the sword and nods.
starts thinking.
kneels, and rubs the dog's head.
may be audible to Icefox when she likes like that
materializes in the room.
gives Icefox a quick glare as he responds to her leak, and tightens down her mind again
inquires of Megara, who has an internal clock, while Arethusa does not
has discovered that a dog's rear legs are connected to special spot on their belly when you rub it!
looks up at Arry's words, and looks a bit reluctant.
steeples his fingers
takes the box that Megara beat him over the head with, and offers it to Arethusa.
looks at the dented box with some level of skeptism
does, however, take it and wrangle it open
picks up the book and looks it over
narrows her eyes
decides to play along
frowns at this.
conjures a gold-wrapped box of assorted chocolates and hands it to Arethusa.
pockets it
nods sadly.
beleives it now rests on 'sabre to get SnS to that bar.
dies due to chronic flu. seeya tommorrow
is back
just watched the episode of Gekigangar
is an enormous fan of the jovian robot battleships
has a feeling there are adeisco marathons in his future
isn't, however, sure that the Jovian capships would be too hard to do
is now curious about the "spiritual predecessor."
looks at pictures of HW2 ships
misses Missile Destroyers so hard
checks to see what's up on the existing list
wonders what spinal mounted desty guns would look like, then realizes we've had that discussion
is imagining a Vaygr destroyer with a huge cluster of fixed rotary guns in the muzzle
was considering vaguely C&C type balance
was considering a drone destroyer.
was thinking about something like that, perhaps.
is unsure about how well that fits into Homeworld
thinks a desty with about 1.5 ICFs of forward fixed firepower and some other turrets and shit could work, maybe not
likes it
ups his own cafeine dosage
wonders if he needs to add mention of Siegfried to Scattered now
highlights Icefox and Siber
considers a lolcats dvorak deck.
wonders if there's any statistical difference bettwen random chat and the RPs
hugs Siber.
is india
annihilates Florida with a giant magnifying glass in space.
crates up some sunshine and ships it north
assumes that's very bad
isn't on the peninsula, at least.
got to play india in a little model UN thing in politics class today
does it
thinks that murder tends to work out quite well
is curious now as to if there is any IAEA oversight in the united states, though
ponders giving the forums something else to talk about besides Tamren's nonsense
bans carrying ice cream cones in pockets
levels an accusatory finger at siber
has Siber declared an enemy of the state for carrying ice cream cones in his pockets
suggests some sort of notifcation for that. "To whom, sir?"
loads sixteen tons
just found the 'activate next shader' button in Wings
polishes siber to a high gloss
ponders stuff
smashes his face through his screen
is done with this frigate for now
could take that entierly the wrong way, but wont
is glad george has set aside his killing ways
nods in agreement.
constructs a full-sized antimatter generator in his backyard out of baling wire and car parts
detonates his antimatter generator, his backward, his county, and probably a lot of the crust as well
loans Mjolnir 5 credits.
just took out the TV station on CoD on hard without dying
wonders how young a magically potent child would start exihbiting weirdness in threadverse
reads Exeirn for research. Yup.
is reaching!
would like to do a game set on a Ringworld.
says as they gravity suddenly STOPS WORKING!
begins to float!
turns the gravity back on.
fortunately didn't drift too far, and hits the couch with a thump
makes a note to move near Mjolnir when it looks like the world is about to end.
has had a general premise in mind of someone spots some artifact in the solar system, perhaps on a NEO, and everyone with a hope of being in space scrambles to grab it first
digs for his dice box
could make him roll a lot of dice that way
thwacks Starfyre
tinkers witht he unwrapping
can't explain why this matters, but it does.
blames Mjolnir.
has the plot for the next metal gear solid game now
shoots fire from his eyes
fixes five billion tiny triangulation differences in the vain hopes that it'll make a damn difference
hits the button
shoots fire and flames from his eyes and mouth at AT to warm him up
is now pondering magical hyper-cold artifacts
does, truly
goes to check a thermomemter
ponders stuff, but understands if AT has to do homework
takes cover. In a bunker
is not sure
probably requests lack of foxes...
thinks so
is lurking about. Somewhere. Out of sight of shakti and salaah. Probably housebound
and Shakti are hiking along the trail, and it's getting towards the middle of the day
has been talking some, on and off through the day, but not particularly much
says, moving towards a clearing
screws up her courage, and sets off
unpacks the food
offers a tasteful selection of sandwiches
locates, sorta, the direction shakti and salaah went, and proceeds
selects a bottle of ketchup foolishly
squeezes some ketchup out onto a finger after sitting relatively cross legged and sniffs at it
finds the camp, and cautiously approaches it
picks up a sandwich and tears in
cocks a head and puts down the ketchup, realizing the sandwiches are the main course
trails off as she hears Anakah, and turns sharply towards the sound
whirls and points and cocks her sandwich at Anakah
puts her hands up
looks curious
unwraps the sandwich.
seems cautious.
looks to Shakti
says this mostly to herself
says, settling alongside Shakti and taking a rather prim bite
glances back and forth between the two of them
takes a judgemental sip from her canteen
mutters, and reddens
narrows her eyes at Anakah
seems pretty strenuous about that point
gives a surprised look to Shakti and smiles slightly
looks panicked
again says this mostly to herself
seems very earnest about this
sighs and seems to be considering
looks somewhat hurt by this admission
looks a little less wounded by the fuller story
hesitantly moves to claim sandwich
glances bettween the two, then focues her attention on her sandwich for the moment
claims a sandwich, and hides behind it
waves half a sandwich
seems unwilling to interveen in this dispute
stands up and paces out of the clearing
finds an interesting spot in the ground
watches Salaah go
's decent mood is fairly damaged by this exchange, and she gives Anakah a somewhat dark look before forcing down the last bits of her sandwich
mutters something about just wanting to apologize
returns, looking impassive with her hands in her pockets
arches an eyebrow
surpesses a very slight chuckle at this
begins industrially packing up around where Anakah is seated
gives Anakah a somewhat expectant look, to see if she's going to do actually act or not
sighs and stands up
is wordless
makes to leave
doesn't stop her
looks around, shrugs, and starts silently on the hike again
follows, after consulting her map
assumes different perspectives and the polygon structure
will be right back after these sugary mood improvers
destroys Siber with his mind.
isn't finding the line!
is sorry
noticed something the other day, and wants to test...
won't do it again!
gags Starfyre
doesn't know what ENVI is
had to write a program to convert degrees to radians, degrees/arcmins/arcsecs, and hours/mins/secs
wants you to imagine Spider Jerusalem / 2 saying that last part
does so
is taking a campus internet survey, and is deeply disappointed that there is no "make it not suck ass" option
likes the "for loop that makes everything awesome"
should turn in himself
still feels kinda bleh, but better
has no idea how that happened.
is pondering the mysteries of Coldplay and xkcd
has also just obtained a roll of Kapton tape, four small gearmotors, a large number of red pushbuttons, and an assortment of crystal oscillators
makes an appointment with Chanathal to get a new liver
adds new kidneys to the "to get" list
heads off to work
has class in an hour
stares at the breadboard
starts to move to hit "command-Z", before realizing undo doesn't work in the physical world
has done this.
is finally done
MC Shower Slide
ponders a Bentusi cleanup team.
could see it going RAARGH as the first couple ships light up, to be supplanted by something more sophistocated as it's 'mothership' comes online
is thinking maybe a temporary alliance gets struck up with Enemy Of The Moment when the Beast is noticed, which falls apart in the face of a rational and negotiating Beast
is back
was thinking both, actually.
thinks a bit more
subs in 'parts' and 'selves' more or less at random, applies funky voice masking, and it's Beast dialouge
thinks Varuna's harvesting might be interesting, too
approves of this direction
is gonna add this to tha wiki, mkay?
cant believe he's supporting the inclusion of the Beast
was thinking Starfyre for narrator/bentusi?
ponders that machinama communities seem to have some good quality voice actors working for free, though.
likes that
imagines you'd have to be fairly drastic to have a chance of avoiding Bentusi sweeps
is going to be inop for a whle
did physics homework
is leaning towards the latter... perhaps even the Caal-Shto
will put Turanic BCV initially that ate a Kushan heavy cruiser
just realized what the polycount on Varuna will be
was just imagining the terror of marines facing Beast-reconstructed humanoid delegates, and them explaining to the marines why they were being silly
does not know this charm?
updated it a bit
and again
can see Varuna having a destroyer sized "salvage" ship
could go with that.
updated Varuna's page with some more notes in dialog and assets
dances the happy dance dance!
sings the happy sing song.
turns to liquid mercury and pulls himself back together, like saddam hussein
can't breathe!
swaps in murders
is over his bedtime
looks longingly after it as he sends it off.
ingests caffine
is editing teh HW@ wiki
is about to head off to class
scoots to the side a bit
dies horribly
will have to resume work on that mission thingy... the last line probably will go, too, but it felt like it fit
imagines you fighting against Somtaaw ships, while Varuna does something vital to your mission.
adds the Somtaaw idea to the Varuna page
assumes they'd mail you frigates pretty fast though
considers the option of them sending you something like a destroyer or two as escort until you get your hardware fixed
thinks it's pretty easy to tell either way, really
wonders what happened to the Seige Cannon, or if we'll write that up as another artifact of popular media
wants an insturmental version of Confrontation for mission music
imagines they're still quite dangerous, and there's many an admiral who wakes up in a cold sweat over what they could do if they aren't pruned back constantly
isn't saying it wouldn't happen anyway, but there'd be a shitstorm every time it did
is wondering if the infection could be airborne, tiberium style.
also thinks it would be of great importance to the military and civilian gov't to know whether or not their beast or not test works
thinks that the Bentusi would possibly be the guys to go to for such a test
can see a meeting with a bentusi after Cata
perfers the former from a visual standpoint
really likes it!
was thinking Varuna was hiding in a nebula perhaps?
isn't a huge fan
thinks an Exalt carrying 16 or so pistols would be fun
considers a firewand-toting Lunar.
looks suspicious.
comes this close to bitching about the cold and wind, then thinks better of it
is sorry...
thinks so
is doing kumbhakarna vs grinder
closes some shit
watches a Nagaya1 melt
goes for an overcharge
accidentally shot down a freighter he was escorting once
is back
killed a lot of arabs instead, sorry
thinks you might enjoy it
will test with a stock railgun
parks the Katar in the center of the grinder and just shells whatever
looks forward to the day when unicorns rule the Earth and we drink sweet nectar from the stars and Adobe has made Flash on the Mac not fucking suck.
isn't too sure when is spring break is exactly. Possibly the same time
points to his last link
thinks some of george's kills need work
is back now
did a bit more with http://hwat.wiki-site.com/index.php/Missions#Pursuit too
is gonna record some notes
would perfer if vicotry wasn't atained through securing some ancient alien megatech
poisons thirty-seven people who complain about his cooking.
falls facedown on the carpet, and twitches.
spells out with his finger: "I'm not so lucky."
offers Beausabre chocolate.
found his favorite gun in Call of Duty now
slaps Siber around. On general principles.
dodges artfully?
can really see AT doing this, sound effects and all:  http://badassmuthas.com/pages/comic.php?80
has a new book!
has numerous new and old books which he needs to read
toys with the idea of Dazzle-camo'd HW ships.
imagines a school of fish-like ships, all dazzle-camo'd, all ducking and weaving in the same way.
addresses Schwartz through a megaphone!
is deafened.
shouts very loudly.
picks up the megaphone.
eyes Sabre and says "YO!"
mutes the megaphone via remote at the appropriate time
shows to the 3D people: http://i262.photobucket.com/albums/ii112/EatThePath/HWAT/Hull_auv-3.png
already has a malfunction TFG in there too
now has an enhanced sunflare cannon
suspects blundering into a laager of K2's would be a bad idea.
imagines the area between two groups of advanced tanks being ripped apart by incoming rail gun rounds and interceptors.
runs from the colatteral damage, dispite the fact that he's already dead.
rushes at Starfyre.
dives to the side
has survived hate day
seems to remember something to that effect
has a programming assignment that promises to suck
will need time to absorb the lore of HW, but can probably start work on something acceptable fairly quick
considers something tipping the odds between the two imperial factions
was thinking that too.
has an idea!
nods again
figures that whenever unknown alien race's thingy falls into the imperial taidanii's lap, they think it's enough to tip the scales.
just kinda likes the idea of alien race X not just being mindless agressors, and having an actually pretty good and understandable reason to be door-kicking.
thinks Starf's alien X could be the council.
will consider it
considers having the bentusi show back up then. "Now just wait one damn second. I thought we learned from this crap last time."
has never read said book, though the title sounds familiar
avoids the obligatory reference to teliss tech
thinks it was kinda silly, though fun
thinks any problems are most lokely to come out of the snakepit that is imperial taiidani space
reads really bad deviantart poetry
is glad that he doesn't beleive in emo fantasy
begins pondering reasons that a warlord would not get shot at in the initial parts of his takeover
cuts a random wire.
attempts automaticly to impose some order and meaning
is running Firefox off his flash drive right now
evens the odds
tinkers with the HW@ story page
lurches off.
is curious as to the flamethrower
returns, with a Vengeance!
wonders if Icefox has ever read Zelazny's Angels of Light and Darkness?
approves of that plan!
will confess that his education was sadly lacking in philosophy and art.
thinks Mjolnir should write an IRC client for the iPod!
can see Mjolnir signing up for a franchise, just to get the irradiation equipment.
takes the Ryuuseiken and strikes Beausabre down
is maimed!
passes a law requiring Icefox to post his webcomic habits daily.
hugs AT.
was channeling pure hate
did a little more on the wiki
too, just now
has very little HW background.
has given you his full attention
fucking SIGH
is probably at fault for this fact
thought oxygen was still involved
wikipedia's the stuff.
builds Sajuuk
tasks Sajuuk to kill enemy mothership
looks away for aproximately 15 seconds
looks back just in time to see the enemy mothership asplode
thinks the Plague of Sibers makes a mockery of ID systems!
looks innocent
hugs Beausabre.
wishes his Dokutsu worked
is me
is Siber
is Siber, too!
is Spartacus!
equips borrowed teleport charm that Shakti left behind
equips puppy
is home doing...something.
is home....cleaning!
voips into the main living area
turns from where she's supervising the vacuum robot.
breaks off when she notices the puppy.
walks into the room, and spies Siber.
holds up the pup
steams past Megara, who was moving reluctantly to take the dog, and seizes it.
looks somewhat relieved.
cuddles said dog.
watches Neinzil like she's lost her mind.
has practically lost her mind over Siegfried.
sounds half envious and half resigned.
puts Siegfried down when he starts thrashing around, and Siggy responds by taking off to explore his new surroundings.
is keeping an eye on the wandering pup.
frowns a bit.
is a bit provoked, and Siegfried stops to see what's causing the commotion.
strikes a defiant pose!
picks up Siegfried, and carries him over to Megara.
holds him out to Megara.
looks relunctant...but then takes the puppy...and scratches him behind the ears. Siegfried responds by licking her face.
looks resigned...and a bit relieved, and pats him on the head.
carries Siegfried into the kitchen.
clears her throat as Megara steps into the kitchen.
chuckles and shakes his head as Megara leaves, then look to Neinzil's throat clearing
winces at her memories of the events that came to drive her out of the House.
doesn't want to make hasty assumptions about exactly what she means, so tries to let her continue on her own
seems reluctant to elaborate...but adds....
sounds... unsurpised
looks at Siber rather directly.
grimaces a bit
opens his mouth to defend himself, then closes it, figuring she's probably got pretty good evidence
is amused at Siber's speechlessness!
reaches out and tweaks his nose gently.
laughs a little
is smiling at him rather puckishly.
sobers a bit
mulls that over
gives a somewhat conflicted, but real, smile.
looks serious.
assembles his thoughts
((hands Siber some glue and duct tape))
sounds somewhat unsettled by it
is not imediately forthcoming with more
listens, and her eyes go wide at the "pieces" part.
looks like she's torn about continuing...but there is something else.
stalls, then starts over.
mostly surpesses a slightly sheepish grin
makes a bit of a cupping motion with her hands in front of her chest.
has the desency to be somewhat embarased about this
lets Neinzil continue on
looks a little stunned.
tries to go easy on him.
has to wet his lips, then asks
scratches his head a moment
comes running after the dog, and stops as she sees the two watching her. Siegfried catches up to the ball, and starts barking at it as it rolls to a stop.
directs this last to Siegfried...who has started to sniff at the ball.
walks over to Siegfried, and picks up the ball.
looks at Siber, and tries not to laugh.
squats down in front of Siggy.
sounds only slightly sarcastic!
picks up Siggy.
looks not amused.
fiddles with the charm for a second, then vanishes
over NIIIIIINE THOUUUUSAAAAAND
gives it a second listen
added a thing to the wiki
has not yet digested the sketch pages
looks down at the "mouse" she's been chewing on....and hands it back to Siber.
splutter whatthefuck?
has his ringntone be... the sound of a phone ringing.  Label him unoriginal if you wish.
would choose the FE levelup music
gives Siber the Effective Soundtrack Medal.
gives Icefox a Small Medal
gives Siber a Small Medal
trades in four Small Medals to the Medal King, gets a Hat of Happiness.
only has a Hat of Bitterness.
has no Hat, and no Medals.
gives Beausabre a Small Hug
kinda likes his blurb on http://hwat.wiki-site.com/index.php/Category:Landscape
goes to move the perimeter page to one not spelled wrong
will inwestigate
examines Varuna
likes symmetry
likes the side view best
can get behind that
scrolls left and up
tilts his head to the side
was thinking that
fucking sighs
pat-pats AT on the head.
produces a rubber ball with a bell in it.
dive go go go go go runrunrunrunr faster faster FASSTERRRR!
scamper slip sliiiiiiide thwonk into the door
needs to learn more about how HW2 passes data from one mission to the next
looks at you destroyer
glares at the TRINITY CANNON
begins download of Complex 6.4
attempts to play a HW2 mod without HW2
doesn't really think so
has only textured two objects
is adding some basic coloring
should be in bed, but is listening to jamacans
loads up the final countdown, and attempts to write
finds a lost music folder on his PC
would like to note that kansas is the soundtrack of tswnn
is on
runs from the 80s and back to jamacia
has no make external
chooses 'item'
chooses DOUBLE GEKIGAN FUREAAA
activates 'smkebomb'
eyes Starfyre.
choses Confrontation
is shielded by choking fog!
is backed by an unbroken drumbeat!
has a whole directory of eighties music. he won't be stopped so easily.
has GEKIGANGAR THREE
picks up Jane, and shoots at Starfyre.
needs to remember to rip copies of graceland and concert in central park when he gets the chance.
looks at...himself, and himself again...and again...
doesn't remember too much about it, really
makes a note to question beausabre about eventage sometime
is going to pass out before too much longer
also ponders Arioch's deleted post.
inflicts 3d6 damage on Siber with his +4 Wedge-O-Matic.
inflicts 3d6 damage on Starfyre with his +4 Wedge-O-Matic.
could think of several ways to counter that off the top of his head
pleads ignorance!
makes icefox and tom cruise have lesbian sex for some reason.
kills Starfyre
is too busy having lesbian sex to die or have moral quandaries
gives Starfyre a cookie.
wonders if he should take offense to that
did nearly have him attempt to defend pencil necked geeks in general. "Hey, we're not all bad..."
glances over it. Thought of your Motivation this morning, actually.
knows you.  Too well.
is ready to dive in, actually.  Deal with obstacles on the fly.
looks up things in the Big Book.  aka that 70MB Tome of Player Tomeyness.
will wait for Rose, up to about half an hour.  If she still doesn't show, the game starts then. Is that fair?
stalks rabbits for practice, in the meantime.
is in spirit form, lounging rather lazily in a tree after a good hunt.  Just taking some time to relax and enjoy the sun.
's ears perk, and he sits up, turning to listen attentatively to the cherub... they usually bring important news.
streeeeetches, then makes his way down the tree and contemplates the directions.  He then shifts to the form of a wild horse and sets off at a good pace toward it...
thinks to himself, realizing that he has no clue about the town or who the Lunar supposedly is... he sets out to make a circuit of the town, trying to figure out its layout and such, and if anything seems out of place.  Exaltation is often a somewhat stressful event.
ponders this, then goes off to the road on the opposite side of the town from the direction he approached...  he turns back to human form, then assumes the illusory form of some random person he knows (anima power, not shapeshifting), and heads into town.
heads to the inn, since it's getting fairly late, and inquires about a room for the night.  Does his best to look the part of a wanderer, perhaps an itinerant priest or such.
smiles and haggles a bit in a good-natured fashion, then accepts the price before trying to find a place involving alcohol and conversation.
ventures for the tavern
had assumed that was the intent
selects an ale and watches the tables for a little while, then tries to find one that looks friendly and willing to talk to a stranger.  The number of empty ale mugs on it might figure into this calculation.
stabs HW2
introduces himself and tries to join himself into the game, friendly and curious, offering or fabricating an interesting bit of news from the next village over to get the juices flowing.
asks about birds, and gripes about the weather some, but otherwise mostly just sees what happens.  Keeps an ear out for the other tables as well, but doesn't really expect too much.
wants to put a Loroi emblem into HW2
finishes his drink and game, then thanks his new pals and goes to get something to eat before returning to the inn and going to bed early... intending to get up in the dead of night.
still hasn't done the Tempest for BSF
wouldn't mind stashing a derelict tempest somewhere, if Arioch didn't mind
is somewhat enjoying the heat. While a bit of breeze would be nice, the cool water running over her bare feet works just as well. Her stuff sits in a small pile on the bank of the river and she stares into its depth, tracking a slim fish as it work its way between her feet, an arrow held in her grip to be used to spear her meal as soon as it swims just a bit closer.
Her yellow eyes continue tracking the fish, message a priority but still kept shortly after filling her belly. The fish draws close and her hand darts in, trying to spear the fish through the middle. Success or failure, she takes the arrow out of the water with or without a fish and heads back to get her stuff. Armor is worn, her bow is notched, and arrows tucked away for use later.
grabs the fish in her hands soon as it stops whiggling, and wraps it in a few leaves she gathered earlier. Now it'll keep... at least until she has to stop to eat. So, her trek begins with a hike down the river's length, towards the new exalt her Mentor warned her of.
is only walking until she's clear of the mud and has her fish wrapped up. She briefly considers flying there, then instead decides to go the ground route. A few motes of essence later and she's a slim young mare, trotting off at a brisk pace designed to get her there fast without wearing her out too terribly much.
takes off his hat and leaves.
finds a quiet little section out of the way of peeking eyes, takes a quick glance around, then morphs back to herself. She's a bit tired after a long day but doesn't feel as if she has time to rest. She was told to hurry after all. No signs of an ally as of yet, but with a glance to the moon she starts to quietly comb the streets for anything to give her a hint of how to start.
is currently a normal-looking housecat trotting along some roofs, looking around.  He starts following the horse-that-turned-into-a-person, watching what she's doing for a while...
lick lick, purr, yawn, lick lick lick.  Totally innocent.
pauses a moment and scans the area. She continues on though, just... on edge for anything off. She suspects her instincts are warning her the hunt approaches, so picks up the pace a bit.
follows along after the other Lunar, tail swishing curiously.
blinks and darts her head over... she breaks into a run after the howl of the wolf, taking it as a sign of the lunar she's hunting for.
doesn't really have any forms better for travelling at night...  so he hops down and turns into his ocelot shape running and following the strange lady, trying to remain hidden but more concerned with keeping up.
checks how to award experience
thinks Mjolnir could use it for something...
imagines Megara and Siegreid fighting over something small and jingly.
hunts for the remote
is watching Megazone 23, Part III.
is sort of shocked at how bad the animation is.
wonders if it would b redundant to give Megara a set of clip-on cat ears for next Christmas....
ponders nuclear landmines in the path of ubertanks. Or just advancing forces in general
is interested in engine glow color
prods Beausabre
has just mangled a camera position in Poser.
is ok the couch at the house, bespectacled, hair still somewhat damp from having showered after recently returning from her hiking trip
wanders in through the front door, and stops when he sees Shakti there.
is, for the moment, wrapped up in the dispays in front of her eyeballs
watches her for a moment, then puts his jacket into the closet, and walks into the living room.
refocuses after a second, then smiles and pulls off the glasses
sits down in the chair next to the couch.
grins, remembering other hikes, which were probably under less friendly circumstances.
mulls this question over
looks a bit embarrassed.
becomes somewhat hesitant
has a lightbulb go on over his head.
loses her nerve at this point, and seems on the verge of changing the subject
looks relieved, and produces the teleport charm, then hesitates
((inflicts random pain and suffering on AT through meaningless homework.))
really honestly only means the difference in appropriate clothing for the climates.
is a bit taken aback.
is wearing fairly light clothing, enjoying the great indoors
dashes up the stairs to get ready.
materializes in the living room, across from Shakti.
's face is as placid as ever as she says this.
looks skeptical
puts her hands on her hips.
(can see AT in the Chariot, full dragon form, walking with one of those red plastic handbaskets slowly down an aisle checking out fruit, and quietly frowning at the granny in front of him moving slowly. Scale be damned)
vanishes in a bubble of pixels.
wonders if she'll ever be free of medelling AIs
comes thumping down the stairs, in shorts and t-shirt and sandals...and a rather disreputable-looking wide-brimmed hat of doubtful ancestry.
turns to regard the beach-equiped Beausabre
does a rather good job of not laughing too much at the ensamble
is in too good a mood to notice!
lands at the bottom of the staircase with a *thump* and grins.
turns toward the kitchen just in time for a drone to emerge with a rather large basket, which it basically shoves into 'sabre's midsection.
juggles the basket and his backpack for a bit.
laughs and strides up to him
balances his loads.
puts a hand on his shoulder, then voips them off. The beach is sandy, sunny, warm, and entierly free of gale-force wings
has quickly looks around for some other impending disaster...and comes up empty.
relaxes a bit.
picks a spot largely free of rocks or shells and flops down onto the hot sand
wanders over with the basket, looking around.
puts down the basket, and his backpack, and starts inspecting the contents of the basket.
sits down as well.
props herself up to sitting
brightens a bit at that mention
notices that.
shakes her head
leans back again, seeming fairly relaxed, and scans the sky
gets up and bats the sand off his legs.
is grinning, so he's definitely joking.
rolls up and onto her feet, and gives herself a cursory brushoff
sets off without further ado to hunt firewood
follows along, whistling.
and Shakti build a fire out of a couple of armfuls of driftwood, and then tear into the picnic basket.  Some time is spent in eating and small talk, and then things go quiet as the sky darkens. The only sound is the surf and the fire. All in all, a very serene scene.
is nursing one of the soft drinks from the picnic basket.
is lounging in the still warm sand and picking at what was once a plate of cheesecake.
finally sighs
turns to her, and sort of waves off the apology.
shakes his head.
seems skeptical
looks at him quizzically
fidgets a bit, then starts up again.
turns to look at her.
is listening raptly, a strange mix of emotions on her face.
seems not to know what to say, exactly
pauses for a moment.
definitely looks uncomfortable talking about this, and he looks back out to sea.
looks... guilty
glances over at her.
doesn't meet his gase right away, then swallows visably and makes eye contact. After a moment, shegives a small nod
has a small smile for her.
can't stop a little laugh
is silent for a time, the speaks again
looses his smile again.
pauses and looks into the flames for a bit.
has to mull that over
nods and lies back, looking up at the stars
sighs again
makes no move to get up, despite her words.
leans back against the picnic basket, and watches the water.
reflects on Shakti and the David Gilmour song "Take a Breath."
checks to see if RBC is back up
isn't seeing any direct parallels, exactly
remebers the Disturbed song he related to SnS
needs to pick a lyric site that sucks the least and bookmark it
gets to the end of Transcendence... more or less.
stabs photoshop a thousand times
thinks of Supreme Commander.
shows Starfyre http://i262.photobucket.com/albums/ii112/EatThePath/HWAT/guncopy.png so he can praise AT as is the natural order of things
would sign up for a historical preenactment class as long as he didn't have to wear a gorilla suit.
might have watched Blues Brothers too many times.
hands Icefox a fedora, a blue suit, sunglasses, cigarettes, and points him towards Chicago.
is back
recalls his opening move as hiigarans was two bomber squads, 2 gunship squads, 2 pulsar squads, GG
ponders trippling the corvette cap and making them build single and seeing how they act then
does it
would totally steal the turret fighter and the harvester thuogh
needs to scan some of designs out of his books for rerference anyway.
twacks AT with the plagerism is bad bat
can't get over the damn Bab5 taiidani ship
takes it
breaks it over his knee
douses himself in napalm
takes two bandoliers of grenades and runs a wire through all the pins at once
runs at the artist, and pulls out all the pins on all the grenades, and hugs him
contributes to AT's concept art collection with http://www.arklyffe.com/twtgallery/v/Beausabre/Random/megazone23001.jpg.html
hugs Siber
hates his internet
fuckin sighs
gives Starfyre a god.
epic level sigh
goes to shoot thins with them
gives Starf a cookie.
wants to see the Exalt Beausabre would come up with
does too!
opens CFHODed again and cackles
tries to edge toward the door before things get out of hand....
swashes beausabre
gets his buckles swashed unexpectedly.
brandishes something pointy
is trying to draw a circle
has always said that humans in Outsider are probably going to be more of catalysts for something rather than primary actors.
thwaps Starfyre with a nerf billy club.
crosses his fiingers and preses the Homeworld button
sets Schwartz's fur on fire.
stops, drops, and rolls, and makes sure to roll over Beausabre afew times while he's at it.
is extinguished.
gets out the bactine.
attacks both Beausabre and Starfyre with nerf billy clubs.
beats a schwartz with a couch cushion
grabs an umbrella and lays into the Schwartz's around him.
intensifies the foreward firepower
starts dueling with two Schwartzs.
dual-wields cushions
runs off stage.
is somewhere as someone as needed....
is... at the house, doing... something or another
is tinkering with some gizmo at a table
opens the front door and strolls through, human and contented-looking
looks up at the entrance
finds a seat somewhere
loses some of her relaxedness
gets up and heads for the back door
trails along behind
closes the door behind them and takes a seat on the porch, seeming rather subdued
finds a new sear
ponders the smell of seared flesh.
looks up, confused
doesn't *quite* roll her eyes
is still wondering Releyara got that idea, but is more worried about the next step
is alarmed by the idea
hopes she doesn't have to point out that she does have a good deal of stress
takes a moment to realize that she's kidding about the abduction part
tugs at the amulet around her neck
mulls it over
sounds rather dismissive
((now has a computer kept opperating with fishing line, nail polish, and a little desk fan.))
eyes shakti
is taken aback by the sudden change of tack
is hesitant to say more
doesn't seem surpised, particularly
squirms a bit
doesn't deny it, as such
digs into nowhere
considers telling Releyara that it's none of her damn buisness, but hold her tounge
subtracts obtuse from a triangle
gives Obtuse 30 seconds to produce some form of salutation
has removed the room from the /list now
reddens a bit, then mutters
pats shakti on the shoulder
considers offering Shakti cupcakes.
would probably welcome the distraction.
starts baking then!  Which should give Releyara another half hour, at least.  Muahahah!
pulls out several feet of gold chain
doubts 'sabre would mind, but doesn't voice that thought
squirms again, and admits no such thing.
slaps shakti on the back
((mutters about demons and a general lack of taste.))
doesn't mention that the sometimes involve the TFG
nods towards the gold chain
is evasive
takes a breath, and forces herself to own up
's gaze sharpens
snarls softly and buries her head in her hands
shrugs and doesn't make eye contact
grabs siber and hauls him back to the snack table
grabs shakti and hauls her basementward
fends off the grab and scoots out of reach
sounds... worried
bursts out of the back door, holding a tray of cupcakes.
offers Shakti a cupcake.  It appears to be chocolate, with strawberry icing, still warm.
takes it
rounds on Releyara, cupcake in hand
crosses her arms
gives Releyara a cupcake, then sits somewhere to spectate.
stops to think, and munches the cupcake
prevents himself from offering suggestions.
grits her teeth together and somewhat squishes her cupcake
forms the opinion that Shakti needs chocolate.
mutters something about it being a real mess to fix
gives Icefox a look, then takes a hunk out of the cupcake spitefully.
finally speaks, words coming out about as smoothly as pulling teeth.
follows, the pauses
follows Releyara, still holding cupcakes.
hesitants for a moment, then reaches into her pocket and pulls out a small silver figurine on a cord
reaches out to take it
produces a ring and offers it to Shakti.
frowns at that
gives Releyara a cupcake.
starts to feel like she's surrounded
looks at the ring
bounds over an appropriate distance, grinning.
takes it, and after a moment slips it on the least incriminating finger she can.
then attempts to enflameanate Icefox
is not enflaminated!
tries again
bursts into flames, screaming.
falls to the floor and starts rolling around.
pulls a pitcher of water from nowhere and upends it on icefox
used very icy cold water
gets up, still on fire, and goes over to hug Shakti.
's illusion puffs out as he does.
grumps and pulls off the ring
sighs and shakes his head.
takes ring, cupcakes, and the puddle he's forming on the floor, and vanishes with all three.
turns back to Releyara
swings the charm a little on its cord
hands it over with some reluctance
curls up on the couch, and sets to work
watches her work soemwhat nervously
isn't sure thats news to her, precicely
pulls the the pin on an anti-matter concussion grenade and passes it to Starfyre.
tosses it into a convenient hole
peers down it for a bit before jamming a shoe into it
scoops siber into a box, labels it 'please rez', and sticks it where AT can find it
fills the box with phoenix downs.
is glad that there's only one of him.
gets out his baby phoenix and tank of halon.
edges away
will make a note of it for the future
offers Beausabre sweet, sweet caffiene.
gains +5 Int
is not sure if he's supposed to be insulted or not.
gets out the blowtorch.
is just trying to be helpful!
tosses the blowtorch to Siber.
watches as the blowtorch crashes through the window and sets the shrubbery on fire.
calls the shrubber.
notes also that Mjolnir is listening. He's always listening....
can imagine something like that sequence happening in a roguelike game.
eats the Green Slime.
breaks out in hives!
is confused!
pulls out a pitcher of water from nowhere and upends it on himself.
looks better now.
is down to about 3 Gb total on his computer
got back a couple GB not to long ago just by deleting all his raw BSF screens
has to have about 140 Gb in use, all told
makes a mental note to uninstall some shit
gets the digital mop.
damns games for using caplocks
points at the gaping hole in that list where French should be.
seconds it
ducks behind a potted plant.
hides between the couch cushions
says nothing from behind the potted plant.
is nowhere to be seen
considers using his Poser library to get into the softcore RPG market....
wonders if he can just steal the animations file for the Vaygr and set up the frigates to work with that
hits the Homeworld button!
covers his ears!
hides in the couch again
straps a steak to Beausabre, and runs away.
sniffs the steak, and drops it in the trash.
just typed google, not into the adress box, but into the search box
did in fact just google google
theorizes that the HW2 team had something good in Dustwars before Sierra almost killed the project, were forced to start over, weren't given enough time to do everything they could, and made something that'd ship decent with as much mod support as they could manage to cram into their budget in the hopes that at least the community could make something not shitty
gets a mallet and goes after the intruders.
no longer takes damage
uses one of the free computers in the graphics lab, with the extra-wide screen.
feels agoraphobic.
thinks that's a good idea
is directing hatebeams at HW2, sorry
is on the phone with his brother
will try with a couple other weapon types
would kinda lean towards focusing on one side for a while if possible, but maybe
writes 'diversion' on siber's forehead
believes he's got that pointed forwards, not up
nods vigourously
looks critically at Alyshya's midriff
asks, stepping over a pile of ... nasty stuff in the street.
is impervious
turns a corner, any corner
is thoughtfully silent for a moment
nods sagely
makes another face
thinks really hard
ducks under a line of laundry as they enter the marketplace
says, looking relieved
says, sound heeeesitant...
((joins in))
looks confused
frowns again, more poutier
turns to a stall in the marketplace
approaches, looking inquisitive
notes that kiani has a large and active mortal contingent, but demons do tend to be more survivable
sits back inside his stall of misc. tourist trapy knicknacks. He appears to be chewing something
approaches looking positively driven, cake in one hand, and perhaps Alyshya in the other. He looks flustered for a moment.
sets down the cake, and then thumps his fist onto the counter, saying
levers himself out of his chair
bigins sniffing around the marketplace. Some has entered his domain without permission. That won't do at all.
has furrowed brows and his lips pressed into a thin line... a thin line of determination
mutters "vacation" under his breath and nods
grabs a little carved, jewel studded figure of some sort of fearsome beast and presents it to AT
takes it and inspects it
peers at the shopkeeper
absentmindedly slides a fortune across the counter
half gives AT an annoyed look, but spots the fortune and pipes up
homes in on AT!
pauses in his naration to turn and spit
says, shifting the figurine to the cake hand
causally slides the money off the counter and under it
turns to face the ID
looks to the ceiling
starts securing his day's earnings about his person
says looking confused
roars with laughter
looks up from whatever part of the shop she's wedged herself into
has begun hastily packing up his most valubale wares
smiles politely, relaxed, serene... and then his feet spring outwards as he crouches deeply and roars a challenge
roars back, and moves to swat AT!
decides he has everything that can't be left behind, and flees!
throws the cake, figurine, and Alyshya aside and headbutts the dragon a mighty leaping headbutt
dives to save the cake! Dives!
's head snaps back, but he recovers quickly, and snaps at AT with his fanged maw
summons a 57mm light recoilless rifle in his hand and places it in the ID's chest as his head goes skronch. The figurine continues to sail off
isn't familiar with firearms, but decides that it's best to make sure whatever it is isn't pointed at him anyway
scrambles after the sailing figurine
triggers it a few times, producing an asplosions
flails backwards
lands with a crunch across a mess of stalls, several ragged holes in him
attempts to locate an Alyshya
has the cake, the figurine, and is currently stuffing shiny looking things into various pockets
rolls onto his haunches, and limps away at a high rate of speed
opens the box and displays the relative intactness of the cake
reloads his bazooka and checks for the figurine
displays it!
puts the bazooka back
appears to have successfully withdrawn
swipes something else shiny and hides it
fails his spot check
leads the way!
scans the horizon for anyone else lookin' for trouble
generally leads them back to the gate home without incident
hands AT the cake and the figurine
tags along behind
is in her library
stomps on the ground and slams the walls
flips out and dives for cover, sword in hand!
flies around the corner. literally.
skids to a halt, sheaths the sword, and considers
scruffles Alyshya's hair
looks glum for a moment, then scampers off
passes over the figurine
ooos, and inspects it
inspects more
punches AT on the arm
scoops Releyara up and takes her to the kitchen, permission unobtained
protests, but not very hard
sets her down in the kitchen
acquires frozen food
says, getting out some veggibles and suchlike
slaps down a side of meat on an appropriate cutting surface
considers, and very carefully starts slicing the meat with her talons
says scandalously, frying up some veggies
winces a bit, and returns to filleting meat
sizzles and hisses
checks on the source of the sizzling
is frying veggies
is serious
nods knowingly
says, after a beat
goes back to stir the veggies
sounds a little depressed about this whole line of events
mutters something rude
rolls her eyes and leans against the counter
scoops up some of the sliced meat and stirs it up
makes an o with his mouth
absentmindedly munches on the less frozen meat
looks pleased
flicks one of the slices of meat at AT's face
catches it with his mouth
tosses him another slice of meat
catches it with his mouth
throws an orange at her
intercepts the orange with taloned hands and juicy results
beans AT with it
catches it in his teeth gently and drops it into the frying pan
tosses the meat a little more gently
catches it in his hands and adds it
is proceeding cautiously
gives AT this look for a moment
says, finishing up lightly cooking the meat and oranges, and then taking it off the heat
feels thin and gangly
's expression is oscillating between baffled and freaked out
reappears, out of breath and ready for dinner
says, and slides a plate of orangey meat
turns to Releyara
sniffs at the meat, and leads an assault on the food
eats something
thinks some of the conversations had to night would have been intersting with a Siberette along
always reasoned that the exile fleet mostly punched through faster than anyone expected due to luck and bentusi aid
is just playing devil's advocate.
metaphor failure
should really sleep himself
wonders if there'd be any harm in putting videos on youtube without making them private
credits the idea to AT
thinks shooting for playability in skirmish mode first is the best idea
figures that ship production will pick up with experince, and come in fits durring school breaks
is back
was sorta toying with the FIC getting a single anti-fighter gun
was speaking in the context of the strike crafts
is unserious, and yeilds the floor to serious random thoughts now
is confused as to what Sev is saying
now gets to go over the frigate mesh and decide which edges should be hard or soft.
notes that Icefox is a geologist in training, and AT a astronomer in training
will upload screenshots momentairly
shakes his head
sketches a bow
pushes the HW2 button
ignores Sev
is oh so glad he ignored Sev
hasn't implimented the new energy guns yet...
agrees about the armor pod
has 2712 edges to review, in total. He'll get to it
hugs Siber
is getting some more optimization done here too
is already significantly happier with the changes
fires up HW2 to get in game shots
is preparing for another recording
leans toward magic....
is attempting to get better quality capture
likes it when the frigate fires left and right at the same time.
can give you an urban camo texture for it!
runs Beausabre off with frightening UV maps
thnks you should totally do Galactica in HW2.
hoo hoo hoo frigate swarm
likes the HW1 scale engagement ranges
truest to think if there is anything interesting to do before Shakti's vacation ends
isn't really buying the solar powered tank idea.
contemplates a chunk of high explosives, with a fuse, getting hit with the magnetic fields of a railgun....
ponders firing high power lasers/masers into the intakes of enemy scramjet engines
starts Believe Radio on Pandora
raises his hands, and nothing apparently happens.
leaves Mjolnir a vessel of oddly bubbling water and departs!
wants to bring back carrier only games
did put all the ship pages in faction categories, but they're not as well organized as they could be
didn't make the page
frowns more
is interested in this idea
is really proud of the grating
isn't sure the barrel texture quite fits in as well now
very helpful
is also using a LUA decomplier and animation editor made by him
leans close
votes for dueling battlemechs
read "reel" in demo reel and thought of animation
figures his six years of choir had to come into play somewhere.
eyes everyone shiftily
takes back his ellipses!
throws a pillow at george.
murders WYSIWYG editing
will just have to make one someday.
goes to lunch
vanishes in a puff of smoke
is mixing together the sound of the Cosmos blast cannon and Nadesico blast cannon as we speak
sucks the life out of AT via blue laser
sits down. Comfutly!
spells fantasticly, shush
makes plans to frakenstien up an animated frigate
plots workarounds
added bass boost to the gravity blast
can't remeber
will try it
also has macross 1 and 2 in flv form, so we're going to have a lot of anime sfx
will be back... maybe in six hours
thinks that's already been promised to Icefox anyway at some point
lights school on fire.
sympathizes with Icefox
declares victory and thanks Google
currently takes 3 lines in Colloquy
wishes he would pick a name and stick with it.
was just going to jot down a couple thoughts on the Kadeshi, honest...
ponders a variation on hardware description languages like VHDL, for description of physical mechanisms
adds two paragraphs to the Kadeshi page
makes another edit
is back
presents AT with http://hwat.wiki-site.com/index.php/Kadeshi
just listened to a symphony of gravity blasts
suspects even enlightened Beast have apetites
thinks being in the middle of a Kadeshi parade formation when shooting starts would be painful and frigthening
imagines all the interdiction fields being an interesting signal of the start
has to pee and shower
is really going now
loves watching his music
laughs more
doesn't have a list memorized...
knows, trust me
rock rocks on
predicts 7-8 central on till lateish
considers a more damaging, more directed repulsor-field-ish weapon, perhaps with a 30 degree spread.
is considering mad lua scripting
was thinking...
likes the idea of a Daimid drone destroyer or cruiser
supposes so...
is back?
is sad that he has no sure plan for that
just thought of that
is having fun with sound effects!
shines, and sets everything around him on fire!
loves the rain
needs to watch that DVD of In Pursuit of Happyness he's got at home and see what he sees
doesn't remeber all details of the video, describe?
just added some actual paragraphs
reiterates love of rain
is amused
is amused
suggets using the # numbered list
wonders about sneaking a corvette ion turret onto the ICF
too, really.
is at school computer, and has no HW2 to test on, for reference
is dicking around before going to do physics some MORE
tries to think of what sort of role an Energy Frigate would fill.
will do .hodjitsu when he gets home a bit
ponders getting good Aestivalis into HW2
considers a nuclear minefield on top of a gravwell generator as a possible alternative
deletes both of those.
looks at his iPod Touch
is now following through the digits of pi, placing a section for each digit or pair of digits.
thinks Siber has pegged the geek-o-meter.
duct-tapes Siber to a passing train.
sets him on fire as well.
put on his yes-I-am-being-serious face. The serious one.
dons biowarfare gear
hands Icefox an axe.
imagines a House paintball match.
id back
fucking sighs
will do the best he can
ignores Mjolnir
just wishes he could draw on the hull
confesses ignorance!
wishes you the best of luck?
facepsalm 14:21
does too!
has NO IDEA!
shoots himself
goes about opperation:midnight snack
freaks out
managed to work around the helltriangle
wants a weapon entitled the "Self Esteem Supersoaker"
thinks it boosts self esteem
gives Mjolnir a gleeful spray with his Self Esteem Supersoaker
very sorry
thinks for a second
... never fucking mind
opens the auv viewer
stabs so much
is oh-so-happy with the stuff around the barrel and the vent
appologizes for his inexperince.
really goes now
sympathizes wiht Ice...er, Sickfox.
looks around confusedly!
attempts repeatedly to start the creativity portion of his brain with no sucess
applies cattle-prod!
figures the chances of Siber admitting that he isn't "motivated" to be slim, considering that he's still holding the cattle prod.
isn't inspired!
still sees SiberGettingSchooled as connected... and he just joined...
duct tapes Starfyre to a passing train, and sets him on fire to boot!
waits until he completes a lap around the country, and applies extinguisher.
sticks the piano in an evidence bag
occupies two locations at once!
thinks we should sue!
sneaks up on TVSabre and bludgeons him with a length of pipe.
ARE BACK
loves how we've essentially recreated email for the chatroom
is also thinking that the last mission of the 15th fleet campaing might end up with the death of the player, in the good ending. Possibly with a slim, slightest chance of actual survival, and an even better ending then, but not expecting the player to manage it.
poinks At in the eye.
also likes mardukbeam2
wouldn't be surpised if audacity could open .snd
recommends huge volume to truly appreciate the zent engine loop
and Salaah arrive at the shooting range, which is about 40 minutes drive from the House. As they get out of the car and start to unload, they can hear the crack and pop of assorted firearms.+
goes to the back of the car and starts pulling stuff out of the trunk.
hands the rifle cases to Salaah.
takes them gingerly
looks to see what else he's pulling out
has a couple of ammo boxes, and a backpack of assorted crap. He pulls two sets of "ears" out of the backpack, and hands one to Salaah.
looks at it funny
puts it on
reaches up and flips a switch. There is slight "pop" on the earphones.
scoops up more than her fair share of gear and, after a second of teetering, balances
slams the car trunk.
sounds more than a little aggrieved.
hrrms, then steps on the cars fender to step on the hood to stand on the roof and look out at the surrounding territory. What does she see, trees, suburbs?
looks down
looks up.
gestures in the direction they came.
starts toward the firing line. The owners have added some overhead cover and shooting benchs to the military range.
slides down the side of the car and thumps into the ground
watches her, and shakes his head.
looks around
walks down the line of benches, past the pistol part of the range and down into the rifle part.
stops, and looks at her.
surreptitiosly adjusts her hat
stops again, and looks at her.
continues down to the rifle part of the range. The range is about 800 meters deep, and has a steep backstop.
finds an empty bench, and starts putting down the gear.
follows behind, studiously observing
pulls out a spotting scope and some other odds and end.
indicates the rifle he was mounting the scope on
indicates the rifle, then.
grins, and indicates the unopened rifle case.
takes the weapon and makes sure it is quite safe
points at flagpole at one corner of the range. A red flag is at the top.
shakes herself from a small trance: her gaze had been focused, like a laser, on the red flag
ponders if Mel's sense of humor would extend to feed Salaah bogus information.
sets up the rifle for Salaah, and start breaking out boxes of cartridges.
points the rifle at the target
says in a small, slightly childish voice
sits and arranges the weapon as instructed.
sits down at the bench (it's a bit like table with attached benches.)
leans her head away from the scope
sights the scope on the 500 meter target.
sights, breathes out, and fires a single shot at the left side of the target
looks down, and mutters in Faelu
shakes her head
does so
turns her head away from the gun's scope slightly, looking off to one side, then fires four shots in succession.
looks impressed.
says, excitedly turning to him
passes over another mag, and takes the empty one to start loading it.
resets, and thinks
adjusts the scope.
fires more slowly and carefully, looking at her target and trying to place a bullet in each extremity
carefully removes the magazine, safes it, and keeps it pointed at the ground
gets up, and takes the sniper rifle and puts it on top of one of the cases. He opens another one, and pulls out a wood-stocked rilfe with a scope and large box magazine.
examines it
takes a sight
reaches over to a button mounted on one of the columns, and presses it. After a moment, a large paper bullseye target emerges on a frame from the trench at the end of the range.
looks quite happy
shuts up and attempts to hit it every time it emerges. Key word: attempts
stops firing
discards her weapon and turns to Beausabre
points down range, and after a moment a few people in red jackets emerge from the trench and start uprighting fallen targets and picking up trash that's blown onto the lane.
gets up from the bench, and stretches.
looks uncomfortable
looks down the line of benches, and freezes.
looks discomfited
nods down the line of benches, and inidicates three men who are approaching. One is relatively short and fat, with a bushy grey beard. One is middling height and weight, wearing an "NRA Life Member" jacket, and the third is tall with a baseball hat and a bushy red mustache. He's very fit compared t the others, and in fact his forearms look hugely muscled.
shakes hands with the big guy.
stands mutely behind Beausabre
half turns to Salaah.
takes it and gives it a light grip
takes his hand and gives it a somewhat firmer shake
inclines her head at him and gives him a ...surprisingly demure handshake
nods to the people straightening up the range.
looks to Beausabre
thinks fast.
thinks fast, now
turns to him
cocks her head
shakes her head
reaches into her pocket, turns on the translator, and says
looks confused for a second, then plays it off with a decent smile
says, in the perfect, accentless english of the translator
does notice, and clicks off the translator
exhales as well.
pulls the translator out of her pocket
seems a bit distracted.
grins, and reaches down to unzip the third padded gun case. He pulls out....a flintlock musket!
puts one of the ammo boxes on the bench, and pulls out some paper-wrapped cylinders and a powder horn.
looks at him levelly
picks up one of the cylinders, and puts one end in his mouth and bites it off. He pours the contents of the cylinder down the muzzle.
spits the part in his mouth into his hand, and l looks at her.
pulls out the ramrod and rams home the powder and paper.
puts the ramrod down, and shows Salaah what's in his hand. It's a lead ogive, with a concave depression on the wide end.
drops the Minie ball down the muzzle, puts a paper wad on top, and rams it home.
picks up the powder horn, and steps up to the firing line. He puts the hammer on half-cock, and primes the pan.
pulls the hammer back to full-cock, and shoulders it, aiming at the 100m target. He pulls the trigger, and there is a distinct delay between when the pan ignites and the muzzle suddenly belches a noxious white cloud of smoke. There's a *clang* from downrange, and a large greasy splotch on the target now.
indicates splotch
looks somewhat satisfied with his shooting.
starts the process of reloading.
recoils slightly
takes it
takes a look, takes a deep breath, and fires... greatly underestimating the wind's effects
takes the rifle back, and starts loading again.
aims downrange again, and pulls the trigger. There is *tink* from the target, and a small black mark appears at the top of it.
does nothing to gloat, besides looking very righteous
starts loading again.
takes it from him
takes aim, and shoot
claps Salaah on the shoulder.
hands it back
mildy regrets not trying to insinuate Shakti in the preceedings.
volunteers to beat the crap of Icefox to make this an "urgent" case.
now has the 17 second mothershipclass explosion noise
thinks Schlock intentionally hid memories of what happened inside the eyeball, and will now retreive them and cause additional chaos.
imagines the reactions of "the locals" showing up with two different women in succession.
is pondering having Shakti track him down there in the near future, due to him not being at the house when she has time off again.
is wondering what Mike would make of Shakti.
will just have to go for Read Or Die instead.
thanks Mjolnir for defending his vauge recollections in the face of Osmium's oh-so-stuborn worldview
actually has to put a DISC into the CD DRIVE.  Gasp, such antiquated technology.
has seen bits of it, and agrees.
hands Beausabre a towel
would suggest that reality wasn't on the firmest of foundations before the war
wonders what Mjolnir is reading.
does note the relative absence of low-tech fire-arms in RPGs.
suspsects magic lasers.
is speculating here.
imagines Mjolnir in Exalted doing just that.
likes the idea of flinging abyssals a problem.
ponders improving communications making a true democracy more possible
ponders AIs doing battle to try and obfuscate legislation to the extent that it still says what it needs to say but isn't imediately obvious to other AIs that are supposed to be voting on it
thinks improved communications may just increase noise-to-signal.
imagines a chatroom with the entire population of america in it
imagines instead a legislative wiki
agrees with Mjolnir. And the pacing at the end makes no sense. The kid has enough to time to essentially completely rehabilitate an old spacecraft and STILL beat the human bad guy to the treasure?
is back
is a little surprised at aralonia's backstory winning the justice, but oh well
isn't sure you can copyright plot devices anyway
would say "yes?" if her weren't a pile of ash.....
gets the ash resurected
is back
nukes toronto
headbutts the internet
intensified forward firepower.
is loving the HW soundtrack
big fan of the ambient music
wants at least a minute of startup sounds for any SDN class launch at this moment
likes to think of it as reactors going
spreads peanute butter and jelly on Starfyre and puts him in the washing machine with the socks.
makes Starfyre comfutle
transfers the resouces from the fridge to his stomach using a laser.
THUMBS UP
is sorta interested in sometime possibly having some tIRC interection
ignites gmail with the radiance of a thousand burning cliches
is good to go.
kekekekekeke zergling rush
fetches a plasma cannon
is boring.
is in no mood to talk about it
thinks it's going to be so stupid it's awesome.
thinks that seeing leonardo dicaprio screaming "TETSUUUUOOOOOOOOO!" at the top of his lungs for forty minutes straight would be rather amusing
is !!!!!
hoses down AT with a fire extinguisher
lasers everything
thought meia was so so
blames ultraviolet
red the Releyarverse thing
offers encouragement and urgings of more while hiding all his stalled projects
does too!
was thinking perhaps, possibly, a regular tank.
wonders if he misread AT's declaration that he'd be around untill four
's brain hurts
is back?
pulls out a net!
activates Heavenly Guardian Defense!
reminds AT to use LAYER NAMES
makes one that flies as well
is tinkering with the missions page more
is copying the hgn_interceptor
will bump up the volume on the guns
needs to play some HW1 now
thinks that one would be great for the bentusi
realizes the Vaygr MS has an armor hood much like the new Higaaran frigates
sprays Raid
turns volume down
wonders how long it will take for AT to take over the galaxy
thwacks Mjolnir.
offers Schwartz http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RIM-116_Rolling_Airframe_Missile
is somewhat stunned by the amount of black smoke put out by the starter cartridges....
dunks Beausabre's head in a bucket of water, just in case
puts Beausabre in the freezer to push back the expiration date.
directs Mjolnir to the discussion about which is bigger: 1* infinity or 3* infinity....
marks Icefox to be harvested for his internal organs.
calls China to see how much fox liver is worth.
saves the day through the power of repressed lust!
ponders stuff
ponders the labs...
still thinks bringing along Siber or Arethusa to that would be wise
wonders what DGI is going to do when he finds out what he's gotten himself into
notes that "DGI" can just as easily mean "dead gay incubus"
turns Pandora back on
destroys the world
sneaks away.
sets things on fire
sets andrasteia partialy on fire.
sets Mjolnir halfway on fire.
drinks fire
loads up a flash portal
has moved locations!
ponders naming ships/stations from this list: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Nobel_laureates
murders his motherboard
watches his Friend From Space rearrange grammar and syntax on the fly.
is back
sighs, that is
is now the proud owner of two dolem shot noises
hugs Siber
destroys his mouse, even though that's not the problem
goes to the bathroom for 4d6 + 6 ion damage
looks sad and forlorn
looks around
reads this last off a cue card held up by Icefox.
digs through his pockets
pies AT
thinks you would be better off selling kicks to the head.
also slinks of to bed finally.
feels like biting something
just stole 7 of those ISDs and blew up another in the last mission.
nods as if that means... anything?
GEKIGAN SHOOTOO DA
is going to get a bunch of good explosions from El-H too
hums it
is sorry?
is posing dramatically at Leftenant Icefoz.
notices AT.
hands a pod to Starfyre
inspects it
rushes in
doesn't follow
waves it around
opens it with full hazardous containment protocols. Oh, and in orbit with a defense sat or two trained on it.
pours brain cleanser into Starfyre's ear
dumps the contents of the pod on siber
Royals your British Library
starts whistling the theme song
is makink textures of President Putin in his teletubbies pajamas
prods the foxen?
posts Starfyre on facebook
has an amusing caption shopped onto his face.
is turned upon by his own creation!
looks innocent.
looks suspicious
delivers an e-hug to Icefox
feels all e-warm-and-fuzzy-someday
is 100% not lying
sends Zi 2 e-hugs
knew there was a secret to keeping cats pointed the right direction
futiley attempts to flood his dwarven fortress.
is taking steps into the Dwarf Fortess fan wiki, and that's one of the quotes on the front page
just got around to reading the latest OOTS page
disables AT's thermal visor
hands AT a pogo stick
don't know!
fetches nets
returns....with a wombat!
gives GMFox windburn
turns to the demons and smiles
turns back to the group
is going to relay that info to the Lunars with a query as to "now what"
is here, really.
points to Child of the "is here, really" Blazing Wastelands
(punches photoshop in the nads)
murders Mjolnir
edges over to lady fen
shrugs and goes to crack open a book. After a second of flipping through...
asks at da lunrars
keeps an eye on the demons
supposes that's mostly in chracter
mutters under his breath
points at the demons
strangles Cerin
imagines five people cheering on a scribe and offering advice and encouragment
stretches and casts a level 9 frown at the Lunars
grumbles and shoulders the fresh book
frowns level 12 at Erayk
says nothing!
says, while leaving the cave
should take a penalty due to that outburst
is oblivious
detect lunars?
is skeptical
drives his daiclaive into a wall
has dots in investigation!
interjects, and darts on forwad
grabs at ladyfen as she passes
huffs exasperatedly and trots after LadyFen, assuming EraykII doesn't suceed in restraining her. Maybe a good deathtrap will teach her some caution.
has hunormobig willpower
catches up?
asks, steeling herself for more mental skullduggery and shenanigans
agrees with that plan
seems weary of all the headgames
cracks his knuckles
glares back
has no ranks in occult!
is n00b, yes.
doesn't have page numbers memorized
sets about doing just that, and gets a nice anima banner in the process. Fwoosh
does elipse juju
elbows cerin, and hisses something about a way out
points to the exit the faerie highlighted
reeses Erayk
has "throw pointy thing at soft thing" which doesn't seem to useful
steps back, and perhaps puts himself between cerin and the less heavily armored folk in the party
focuses his energy and slams his fist into the platform
brushes off stone chips
turns to the Lunars
rounds on the lunras
shrugs and doesn't object.
was annoyed
was not
polls the peanut gallery
can throw sticks.
personally thinks his own is moderately more creative.
has a bunch of orthoclase in his fortress
unleashes twenty thousand goblins on schwartz
fends them off using Starfyre as a club
will now try to get irrigation going
has it issolated for first tests from his main fort so he doesn't flood the bdrooms ro something
, control freak.
may have trapped a miner bettwen the channel he was working on and a floodgate
will try digging down a level
is digging out farm attempt 2
is still frightened by the skill list
has struck Heliodor!
gives the order to pull the lever!
is back
is honestly reluctant to tangle with HodEd and Photoshop at this time
was copying the Ass Frigate
hasn't watched it enough to recall the music from sections. :(
isn't sure he's doing that so well
runs away....no...he gets killed instead.
abandons all hope
is going to attempt a game of dwarf fortress!
adds "improve fine manipulation appendages" to the shopping list of things to request should Siret ever show up in real life
wonders about aliens and accepting local currency
is pretty sure it looks more or less like slightly bulky combat fatuiges with gloves and a helmet
has 268 points left to spend
just bought a ton of wood and food
does so
plots to unionize Starfyre's laborers.
went to Texas A&M for his masters.
tases Siber
has pounding sinus headache and tiredness.
ponders wensday
is going to be in a suite next semester
is available 3-12ish MW and later F, and ~5-11ish TT
is attempting to build a farm
just realized that he could make a moat
is making a song measure by measure
notes he's going through doors pretty damn fast
eats the keyboard
dot dot dot
figured out multilayer buildings!
's newest fort started off next to a deposit of native platinum
has a white(yellowed now) plastic two button IBM mouse at his disposal.
is still here, SiberGettingSchooled isn't.
doesn't have access to F8
thinks he needs to make a giant resivour to have a well into
has a lot of schist
builds a mighty dining hall
has struck Emerald!
sets about filling his resivour with useless stones before flooding it
looks at AT_SixtyTwoPercent and SanAntonioSabre
smacks Siber with a train.
likes indoor construction, it just results in a lot of stones
has a bull, but no cows
puts all the peasentry to work hauling stones
has been madly carving out housing
has a gem setter, but not a gem cutter
has a muskox standing in his food store room
wonders how big we can make the textures without horrific slowdown happening
produces a vorpal blade and lays about him.
waves a stick at Beausabre from a safe distance.
nods again
acknowledges Beausabre's point
is processing stones into doors, but not really fast enough
is building a rock garden as big as the screen
notes that plant life can be worn down in DF
is just doing the fins ATM, but may do the rest after that
mines like crazy
has no gem setter now
starts carving out more workshop space
expands his rock garden
decides to pave a path to his fort entrance from where the migrants keep showing up
can hear echos of Mjolnir in that "So I'm the bad guy here?"
was thinking that having fighters built around destroyer-scale E-cannons would ... well, be the CB's main gun
might miss his blue blobs of death...
might propose plasma bombs on the Vaygr?
read defense fighter as defender the first time
can see Mel building a linear train in the House now.
wishes Mjolnir would stop censoring alternate technology. I deserve to see the pictures.
hands Schwartz a chair
doesn't think you can actually mark someone for slaughter
digs down a few levels, then out in four directions in the hopes of hitting something interesting
looks a the fullish house and ponders
has to resist the constant urge to have a miner dig up into his resivour just to see the results
loves how all deposits are utterly flat and only one layer thick
has 10 screenies to upload
can imagine
hugs Siber.
finally puts a well into place
likes details
is making space naval ships better than some other dude
didn't make the naval connection without the blatant battleship deckplans
avoids blame!
plans for massive influx
has a vicsious pack of war dogs!
steps up bed production
finishes cueing up another set of sardine housing and reads
stabs pandora
considers restarting project rockpile
also considers sleeping
goes to build a seige workshop
lays the groundworks for a higher class lodging and office center, and a burial chamber
notes that Skype does sorta pop-up, flash, and blingblong
yells harder
is now lstening
damns youtube and international copyright law
isn't noticing bleeps and blops, really.
could do way too much of this
has considered it
should try the dolem aria next
listens, happy.
points out the expanded rock collection
is sad.
would point out pandora, but seems to be the only person in the world who doesn't somehow hate it
retreats strategicly from superour numbers
cancles project rockgarden again
left DF running overnight on the trust that it'd pause the game at some point when something interesting happened
has already used about half of them
doesn't have mushrooms?
now has 76 dwarves
notes 33 idlers
sets up a catapult!
shoots his developing emoticon habit in the face
is reminded of Monty Python's The Meaning Of Life.
creates a material summed up as 'raw organics'.
adds a 'software' category.
hopes someone will find a way to mod out those eyes
wants bigass planets, too.
left DF running at home again. Here's hoping nothing horrible happens
peers at Robot Fortress.
goes back in time and STABS HIM.
will try really hard not to make massive rock garden projects, if Icefox will try not to flood the kitchen
headbuts Wings
has a copy on his thumbdrive.
is NOT playing it
has already got the big stripes more or less done
will keep it in mind.
has gone to 1024 x 1024
bumps it up a couple notches
wants to put that texture on it and put it in the game already
is now firing up HodEd
stabs himself in the hand
is a bit of a dumbass sometimes
goes to push three buttons and select a file, six times, again
sections off a big room into smaller bedrooms.
begins doing some engravings
shows off http://i262.photobucket.com/albums/ii112/EatThePath/HWAT/ITFGSS029.jpg to Beausabre
ponders Molly expressing her gift via gyromancy.
resorts to scanning through the pages by eye for interesting headlines
offers AT_SixtyFivePercent  some left-over quesidillas.
put the turret textures in
thwops Beausabre
fucking sighs
has six stonefall traps and two doors covering his fort entrance
dispatches the mining teams!
is only on for like, 10 minutes
goes to catch a bus
is not running his empire off of xharcoal if he can help it
hugs Wings3D for providing information to him
back again for a moment
liked the Khar-Selim a lot
goes about obtaining hardpoint information
makes notes of many coordinates
nods again
is actually sorta looking for something to model next, now that he's got the UV out of the way
wonders how far he can get on that from memory
will make use of the smoothing button with bentusi ships
now wants to smooth the frigate a couple times and see what it looks like
incrimental saves
plans to replicate the Cata level where the Bentusi kill roughly a hundred beast strikecraft.
makes everything soft and smooths it
tickles its chin
clicks yes
stabs wings
fixes, and finds his missing turret
rotates stuff!
kills Icefox
totally threw out his information garnered from Wings, probably because he rotated in the wrong fucking order or something, and plugs in numbers untill it looks right
has been doing that right along
stabs photobucket with fire
has them back to all kinetics, plus the pulsars
nerfbats Beausabre
has added engine glows to the frigate! http://i262.photobucket.com/albums/ii112/EatThePath/HWAT/ITFGSS034.jpg
ponders ways of making a Newton's Cradle that doesn't work
points to the Role: feild
sometimes plays as black and yellow.
pulls up the MadEd manual in the vain hope that it'll be useful
eyes his web space suspiciously.
is going to do that for HW@ publicity
was going to use a seperate one just for public stuff som it's harder for the everyone to get to the WIPs
sighs again
was thinking mostly that, in fact
is reading
would recomend that you save a local copy in case Arioch goes "Noo.... Too off topic, sorry"
experiments with having his two fortresses coexist
imagines the Air Force getting zergling rushed.
sagely says
doesn't recall the Sovreign class coming to a point
holds out a box with two cannon stokers in it.
dies due to vampire attack.
gets out the vampire traps
gets out the electron microscope
nearly typed 'wossname' into Google and expected it to find what he wanted.
doesn't check the forums too regularly
needs flux for steel!
has way too much olivine
prepares to delve to greedily and too deeply
figures out how to access bins
bets tamren had never even heard of dwarf fort before he read that thread.
, matrixhate.
wonders if posting his opinions about this... development is wise.
was annoyed
sets them to make a rock garden for now.
tries again
takes a break
hands Beausabre a trio of buxom female mad scientists.
suspects a trap.
sneaks back ing
feels vaguely indignant that he's outranked, but isn't sure why.
temporairly disables the smoke detectors
considers cryogenic minerals
points to the bottom of the pic
is annoyingly restless
is back
fires up Maded
points to the taiidani fleet
alters a line
notes that ship names in the madstate function calls need to be capitalized
stabs Photobucket with bandwidth
thinks that should go very yes into HW@
likes how the orange stands out
tries again
makes the ship do a little slalom for kicks
is doing a lot of 500% zoom stuff
will be running HW in a bigger window for publicity shots
has been doing a lot of testing to get the sound layering right
scoured a good part of it last night looking for hints on animation
has spent the last two or three minutes listening to Prelude to War and admiring the shadows playing across the frigate
listens to it again
loves that scene
thinks no
doesn't know *that* much about motherboards.
sets Siber on fire.
plans to post on YouTube.
got the vanes to animate finally
has just spent three days in the company of such people, BTW.
killinates the clone
is flattened
maybe, just maybe, may be forming an unfair opinion of him from one book and random leafings through several others
isn't sure anymore.
has never captured any goblins
uses a laser designator on Schwartz's hiding place, and calls in an airstrike.
pounces Beausabre.
tries to call of the airstrike.
carpet-bombs Schwartz's position.
hides under Beausabre.
hides behind the respawn point with a baseball bat
is carpet bombed by...explosives?
uses napalm, just to make sure.
runs around on fire.
just burninates.
dives out the back door, leaps over the deck and lands in a snow bank.
delivers Math to Osmium, along with a hefty dose of Logic and Common Sense
hands Mjolnir a mallet.
cackles at SA.
ponders the step from floppy to CD
remembers fondly the time a floppy disk got stuck in a drive, then got wrestled out, leaving the metal cover inside the drive.
likes the exploding CDs
likes microwaving CDs
gets his brother to hold the tool
stab stab stabs White Wolf.
goes to comendeer the Xbox and shoot some russian and/or arabs
was playing arcade mode, and thus had limited lives
ponders eventage.
are back
is going all bows all the time
investigates the HW@ page
is in a kind of bleah mood
had a few spare moments
pants AT.
is in no mood
wanders off in that case.
got less than you
does that a lot!
wants to restore playlists
sighs again
removes all of Schwartz's job preferences except software installing and file inspection
finally figured out how to do the top of the teeth
waits for it to install...
thinks Siber had the right idea.
receives a form. To be filled out in triplicate.
must also use blue or black ink. Not red, green or pink.
is speaking of the day after Election Day.
blames the liberal media bias
blames the conservative media bias
blames the international Jewish conspiracy
blames the Nazis
points to the various conspiracies about 9/11.
strikes a dramatic chord on the pipe organ!
thinks Sabre is secretly Denzel Washington
orders all the stone doors in his fortress removed.
watches his fortress fill up with liquid hot magma.
needs flux!
raises his hand.
likes the image
is mostly joking... mostly.
colors all over AT in permanent marker
suddenly imagines Ghostbusters as Exalted.
also notes he has willpower LOL
gets bored and frustrated too easily.
is hoping for epic cataclysms.
is too.
busies himself with excavating dry moats around his fortress
spits hate trolls at Icefox's eyes
stabs himself in the ears
then takes two automatic shovel cannons
goes to do horrific things to Connecticutesers
watched Five Venoms, a kung fu flick
did just realize that you, me, eddie, zi, Beausabre, Mjolnir, Starfyre, Siber, Jeremy, Ryan, Kyle, and Hubert could be X-Com
just imagined X-Com: Dynasty Tactics Advance Emblem
loves the brothers three
hands Icefox a mallet?
kills the goblins and uses their weapons to make more traps.
relocates Boston
wonders if Icefox is finished with that soapbox.
needs to figure out how to hire some
trademarks "RPG" in the context of role playing games
Pokes Back!
gets it.
reese's Beausabre.
ignores all!
runs away.
tries to think of Siber watching NASCAR and fails.
used to watch NASCAR.
does watc it occasionally
is pretty sure he doesn't want to know....
gets into character.
and 'sabre are in town, around lunch time, walking towards a resturant.
happens to be male on this occasion, having been zapped off screen at some point
is in a rather good mood at the moment.
gets to the door first, and holds it for Kara.
raises an eyebrow at the door getting, then shakes his head, chuckles and enters
pauses for a minute, then laughs in return.
pauses and tells the waitress that it will be two for lunch.
follows the waitress to a booth, where they receive menus.
puts a little emphasis behind the 'some' with a quirk of amusement
gives a little grin
intones in an offended voice.
winces as he recollects that incident.
looks up.
laughs a little more
has no sarcasm in that
looks back down at the menu, and glad Kara didn't ask if anything might have happened if he had hung around longer.
twitches, and gives her a raised eyebrow over the menu.
seems amused, but doesn't elaborate without prompting, taking a moment to scan her own menu
ponders how much to go on...
seems interested, but not overly so
shakes his head.
points to an item on his menu that mentions 'spicy' and 'hot' an unsettling number of times
counts the number of stars by it.
flags down the waitress when she brings the drinks, and they place their orders.
plays it safe and orders chicken Pad Thai.
nods back
plays with his glass a bit, and decides to change the subject.
raises a glass to "her" at that mention.
blinks at the compliment.
sips his water
finds his train of thought derailed!
is somewhat amused.
has to ponder that last comment.
pauses as the waitress drops off their food.
waits untill the delivery is finished
pulls apart his chopsticks and resumes.
pops some food in her mouth and chews as she does mental math
chews on noodles and chicken while he waits.
does his math.
consumes a particularly spicey portion of the meal, takes a sip, and continues on without comment
clears his throat.
looks up?
seems to be polishing off his plate
cools a notch or two, and decides to keep her opinions of Titan's plans to herself, nodding.
is back
looks up as the waitress brings the check. He takes it.
changes the subject!
gets up.
stands up
leaves a tip, and holds up the bill.
heads for the register.
shall extract a text and look at it.
stabs photoshop
likes that much
just finished DLing all of SP in damn good quality
wishes you luck!
doesn't remeber
busta wolf ICefox
has no real opinion either way
goes to read the CFHodEd manual for navlights
tries to cheat on with the shipyards site
takes some time to just admire HW1
tries to figure out how to channel magma without anyone dying.
needs more crossbowmen
prepares for EPIC COPY PASTE
eats sandwiches.
misses PB&J
assigns a tame bear to watch his front door
assumes that the bear will be suitably vicious
wishes there was a way to automatically melt down all unwearable metal armor
is seriously thinking of conscripting him, if he wasn't a legendary miner, organizer, and record keeper.
takes the goblin's weapons and makes more traps
imagines a Uranium Forge
roasts marshmallows over the burning fox.
ponders what to do with an old Xbox...
triple-checks his math
double-checks the figures in the original document
ponders if he could make some spare change as a proof-reader for Renderosity marketplace ads....
applies 8000 W/cm^2 to Tamren's forehead to see how resiliant he is.
manipulates fiddly UV maps
eats pancakes!
also listens to hella-awesome music
goes fo rlunch
is back
considers starting a dwarffort in the middle of a forest
considers killing everything
can't object to that.
wonders if he has enough exp to pick up another dot of linguistics
now knows old realm
says in a still rather think Lookshy accent
arms all missiles, full speed ahead
says, in the Mr. Prospector smug and confident know it all voice
probably tags along, because she's not wrong and his goals sorta align with that
is back, by the way
swaps some stories about demons with the master guy.
smiles briefly at CotBW
knocks on the door?
is taken slightly aback
tries to look important!
searches up and finds mentions of a king
((gives Icefox a cookie))
fired that at the zombie servant
will subtly spend six personal motes to activate 2nd presence excellency
nods to the master, and starts collecting his stuff
says to the servant
has three
cracks up.
points at Sabre.
, couldn't resist.
takes back the cookie and pours molasses on Icefox.
looks uneasy
grabs Cerin and heads off to the gates. When she gets there, she busts out the 6 mote excellency and says
perpares to be sneaky
((thinks you need a silver leash for the cat for just such occasions))
thinks that outfit is sorta awesome.
glances at his daiclave
stabs mIRC
looks dangerous and intimidating
smacks Beausabre
wonders if he could just slink up to the front door like this
wonders if he gets stunt die?
will slink in, close the door behind, and check for activity inside
moves on to the parlor
gets the feeling he wasn't supposed to win that contest.
checks his charms
is going to assume this guy looks attentive?
attempts to vacate the building area as stealithly as possible
makes a note to look at the stealth charms
is just wondering how one turns household AC into something usable for motors, electronics, vacuum tubes, and other random stuff.
falls from the ceiling and lands on Siber.
is crushed into the ground
imagines ripples in an inflated reflector.
is having a suprise grand-parental visit shortly
needs a plot point.
didn't like that
may be getting dragged to alabama to help do some stuff with the old property for part of spring break, but otherwise...
alerts the militia!
renames Kadeshi Multibeam Frigates to Electric Dragon Drills
imagines an Exchange getting rammed by multiple needleships
is very seriously thinking of changing his character's name to "Wings of Rain".
really knows not.
considers if Rain is illiterate or not.
looks at CotBW's character sheet....
has a combo!
has one too, but nothing that huge
has perf exc + respect commanding attitude
needs to spend a ton of EXP on Fen's stats and abilities
ponders eventage to take advantage of the starfian presence
dives back into learning about Charms....
points accusingly at starfyre
is in one of Releyara's sizable libraries, working through some of the older history books
can be faintly heard bustling about somewhere
will make a note to ask Releyara about that
turns the page
bustles louder
takes a moment to take look around
pops out of one of the side corners
looks over Kara's shoulder
says this with a superior sniff
eyes kara for a bit before answering
nods brightly
closes up the book and sets it on the table
continues on for some time
summons up her gear and covers the blades while Alyshya continues on, putting the enchantments in low profile mode to avoid excessive attention
gets ready to go
doesn't *quite* run, but she books it pretty fast through the gate
keeps up easily
leads kara into an increasingly seedy, dangerous-looking, and demon-inhabited area.
seems pretty casual about this.
sounds particularly excited by the prospects of the last
leads them to a large stone pit rimmed with seats. the area thrums with protective magics
leads them past a man who appears to be looking for gladiatorial volunteers, to a bored looking half-demon in charge of tickets
spares the vounteer seek a long look as they pass
ignores the look and purchases a couple tickets
continues in and takes her seat, then waits for the blood to start
drops into a seat next to kara and slouches artfully.
ponders for a moment
says no more on the subject, and waits to see how the actual fighting works out.
seems to get into it, but becomes increasingly annoyed with what she considers stupid mistakes. She starts muttering about showing them how to do it right.
is only mildly molified. shortly after the real fights begin, she stands up, with a short word to Alyshya about being back later, and proceeds back to the entrance. Keeping ahold of her ticket, of course.
makes some inane comment, and goes back to cheering
seeks to see if the recruiter is still there
is indeed there
aproaches the recruiter
regards her with supreme disinterest
has decent infernal, if nessisary
chews a bit, and spits something gross
considers her
gives him a level look as she grabs up a measured amount of magic, enough to put her a little above the last combatants she saw aura-wise.
rubs his chin, and spits again.
questions the current gladiator's parentage
follows, of course.
gives a rundown of what the restrictions are, and there're quite a few of them, but most of them amount to don't blow up the arena, don't attack the audience, and don't do anything to your opponent that can't be fixed.
pauses as something crumps outside and dust sifts down from the ceiling
removes the cover from her glaive.
points the proper direction
spits, and hits a nearby spittoon.
hits the fastforward button on time, if there are no objections
objects not
aims kara at the arena door
heads out, polearm in hand, to face her opponent.
stands in the middle of the arena floor, serenely. In one hand is a morning star, and on the other is an exceptionally large and heavy-looking gauntlet.
takes a second to look out and spot Alyshya in the crowd, before calmly walking to meet the demon
is giving kara this 'wtf?' look for a second, then dashes off somewhere
reaches the middle, and waits
nods to kara slightly, and lifts his morning star into a guard position
nods back
attempts to remove the opposition's legs at the knees with a quick wide sweep
leaps upwards, wings sweeping down to provide more lift, brings his morning star down at Kara's skull.
skips back and attacks at the same time with her considerable reach, going for his extended arm at the same time.
dodges to the side, but not quickly enough, as the weapon pierces his armor and draws blood
presses her advantage with a quick flurry of advancing jabs and short cuts
just finished rereading the released story documents for HW2
is back for a second
needs to do LoDs for the frigate
likes it, actually.
is writing that up now
reads on
likes the stuff on the imps
is going by Cata
doesn't recall that too vividly
is just imagining the mess that the Bentusi could make before going down...
is finally done.
is tempted to just make them all the MoO1 races.
blames Icefox for the sudden interest in Dwarf Fortress.
sends trademark-ninjas after Icefox.
pirates them!
gives Mjolnir a cookie, for having to deal with people that ignore reality.
considers the utility of, say, sticking a few big lasers along some meridian, and just lasering down anything you want that comes over them.
is a sucker for transformers.
hands AT a mop.
feels an intense sympathy for Uribatake from Nadesico
isn't sure aircraft upgrades work like that...
cracks open Exalted and Anathema and goes to work to figure out Charms.
starts to answer, then subsides.
puts on his devils advocate hat
throws the hat away
will attempt to reproduce on the LOD0 without killing the detailambobs on the side of he gun housing
attemts to work thje same magic on the aft section
imagines an assault frigate bridge with red plush carpet, golden fixtures, and a big couch in the middle.
makes some mildly radical changes
wonders if Kara could stop a Crockett with sufficent forwarning
has been using this: http://hwat.wiki-site.com/images/b/b2/HGN_FFA_Glide.jpg
equated the solid block of hatches with the line, and the bent one with the orange doohicky
assumed you had studied the entire row of hatches in the picture and on the finalized side and realized that it had a "flat" section and a "bent" section
is refering to the bottom edge of the inset plate, for clarity
will do his best to straighten that without bending the top
has to track down another distortion
is oh so glad he didn't plan any fiddly details on the lower module
thwacks 'Sabre
ellipsis ellipsis
looks at it
thwacks 'sabre
crazy sighs
sighs sighs sighs
stabs Beausabre
starts going through Beausabre's wallet
snatches his wallet back from Mjolnir.
shakes his head
fucking sighs
hopes to do better on the next unwrapping
hopes to ever finish this texturing job
stabs Starfyre with Gaebolg
keeps on stabbing
retracts his statement
now knows the four kanji combo for "process of selection through screening of applications"
mines for magma pipes
ques the lightning.
does special move lurk while claiming to be asleep
edits again
hugs Siber.
fixes the image
wrangles with the internet
wrangles back
laughs mockingly at Siber!
ponders a cut down FFA bolted to the top of a carrier
thinks he *might* be overdoing it a bit there, but better safe than sorry
is now going to conduct his first experiment with lava
might need a better way to do this
has the area walled off, just in case.
has found bauxite, so that should work out okay
is mostly just kidding.
unforts the area
likes digging
damns his devil's advocate reflex
shakes his head
removes Sabre from a car
shudders at the idea of doing concept art himself
pulls them up to ensure accuracy of thought
likes that look so much...
likes the older blunt look, TBH
seeks early clarifications
makes an extremely sophisticated mockup
employs rename file?
pushes Z to order his vettes to stab the enemy HC
shakes his head
hugs Icefox
notes that the game is a little repetitive
has been mildly infected with 'ih'
hugs Siber.
checks AT for life signs
is now playing!
is amused that Icefox and Tamren have a common interest....
dislocates Siber's nipple.
goes to the emergency room
sends flowers.
is saved by a cliffhanger
connect's AT's shower drain to an electric fence transformer.
steps in, smoking slightly
sits across from Beausabre
shifts view
fucking sighs
contemplates soem of the House travelling to the GG universe...and goes cross-eyed.
hurts just imagining that
stricken with anguish
circumvents Beausabre
wants a "My whole life has been a life" shirt
listens to one last song
offers a hug
got paid today
begins prepping for operation deathtrap
now has a flat version of the reference pics, so will be able to get to work on a non distorted version
loads it up to refresh his memory
now has four mason's workshops next to stone stockpiles in the back of his base set to be constantly building something
is building ramparts over his mine entrance
shuts up now
also reminds Starfyre of the rules of Basementattics
just got done studying for his test on usenet and email lists
loads it up
gets to fixing
kicks and imaginary dog.
ponders the definition of "nominal".
could do without the techno soundtra....
just saw the one climb up the guy's leg.
clicks, despite his better judgement
resolves to work on Rain some more.
poses Exalted related questions.
sees idiots with those things all the time.  Shudders at the mental image.
shows the moddling dude http://i262.photobucket.com/albums/ii112/EatThePath/HWAT/CCL_02_Perspective_03.png
brandishes a cutlass
is excavating his third copper vein right now
is building a massive rampart over his fortress entrance
has no traps, the fool that he is
could make a rather crude joke about Lunars....
warns that it is very crude.
does battle with curiosity
waits patiently.
should save that until Sunday.
hands Icefox a chainsaw for his next math class
reads back.
cackles madly as he gathers his briefing material.
replaces Beausabre's dry erase markers with sharpies
makes strategic modifications to Beausabre's powerpoint slides.
puts on his welding goggles.
shoots the projector.
considers learning stenography
wishes he had a stereo lithography machine.
opens up the screenshot of his current project without noticing and attempts to work on it. This shockingly enough doesn't work so well
murders all and sundry in a fit of pique.
offers Beausabre cake.
considers his plate of half-eaten cake.
takes another bite.
stabs his mouse with boomex
pulls the plug on the cake projector
considers the now empty plate.
plugs the cake projector back in
considers getting Mjolnir some rabid weasels as a gift.
has issues with 10,000 BC.
is going to play hellgate.
has a flamethrower, a bubbler, and a dog on his head.  Time to face The Sand Zone!
prods the soldier with a light corvette
is guiding a rather non-descript subcompact down a rutted dirt road somewhere in Kentucky.
is once again suffering the indignity of riding in a car
winces at her tone of voice.
turns down an even more dilapidated side-rut.
encounters a rather colossal pothole.
bounces in silence.
stops the car in front of a rather large house, mostly hidden behind overgrown shrubbery and close-crowding trees.
says with false cheer!
takes in the scenery
gets out of the car and walks around to Kara's side...and stands there, watching the house.
extricates herself from the infernal contraption and pauses only a moment before advancing on the door.
catches up to her as she advances on the house.
stands slightly to the side to let him knock, as he'll be doing introductions anyway
steps up onto the front porch, and reaches to knock on the door.
is standing in the entry hall of the old house, several feet away from the threshold as the door swings open.
stops as she realizes who's standing on her doorstep.
glares at Beausabre, and crosses her arms. The ambient air temperature drops about 10 degrees.
finishes uncertainly.
watches the exchange with interest
tries to be helpful
cocks an eyebrow at Kara for the interruption.
appears out of thin air about ten yards back from the porch, takes three steps, and stops with surprise.
looks at Kara.
quirks a small grin at the look
starts seeing how close he can creep up behind Beausabre and Kara before they notice.
unbends slightly at this apology, and turns to face Kara.
executes a small curtsy to Kara.
wonders if she would have been better off alone as she glances directly back at Icefox without comment, then back to Deirdre.
smiles at Kara.
looks past Kara to Icefox.
steps in
blinks innocently at Deirdre.
pointedly ignores Beausabre, but leaves the door open.
follows her in.
leads Kara and Icefox deeper into the dark house.
sighs, and follows the crowd, and closes the door behind him.
leads the group into the library, with is massive collection of old and mystic tomes.
makes a few gestures, and a tea service begins to assemble itself on the table, parts swooping in from elsewhere in the house.
considers, and stands in the center of the room and survey the stacks of books that extends almost three stories high.
finds a seat at the edge of the room, and tries to be mostly insignificant.
lounges in a chair.
makes a gesture, and from far in the back of the stack a rather large folio emerges and flies into her hands. It looks like it has wooden covers, and has rather ragged squares of some stiff material sandwiched between.
asks Kara.
eyes the book
plops the book down on a standing reading desk, and opens it. Those who can sense magic can feel the release of preservation spell as she opens it.
flips a couple of pages.
glances at the text, then sighs
makes a noncommittal sound at Icefox's comment.
just shrugs.
looks at Kara interestedly.
gives Icefox a Look that says he's getting close to a topic she'd rather not talk about....
bows slightly in apology.
couldn't quite be placed in any conventional racial group on earth unless you streached things
watches the byplay between Icefox and Deirdre, and has a bit of a wistful smile.
returns to the couch, and gestures for Kara to take a seat.
takes a seat as well, and mulls over the question a bit
clears her throat.
raises an eyebrow
sips at her tea.
sets down her tea cup, and looks at Kara.
tilts her head slightly, the says matter-of-factly
gives Deirdre a rather Significant Look at that statement.
catches the look, and blushes faintly, and looks at the ground briefly before returning to Kara.
just sips his tea and watches, smiling to himself.
glances at Beausabre, to judge his opinion of her word.
gives Kara a thumbs-up.
gives Kara a nod.
returns her gaze to Deirdre
nods to Kara, and rises from the couch to approach a table covered with a white cloth. She gestures, and the various impedimenta of her art begin to assemble there.
rises as well and follows her to the table
thinks, and gestures again, and book flies down to her hand as her other tools assemble on the table top.
consults the book for a minute, flipping the pages and quietly reciting some of the words.
clears his throat.
takes a seat across from Deirdre, assuming there is one there.
shrugs at Kara's unconcern, and sips at his tea....which he had to get himself.
pours water into the silver bowl on the table, and sets up a small brazier. She starts a small fire in it, and sprinkles some herbs into the flame as she recites something under her breath. She waves the blade of a thin knife through the smoke that results. A sweet smell fills the air.
watches with intent, taking in the fine details of the ritual
takes one of Kara's hands, and cups it. She poses the knife blade over the heel of the palm.
feels an almost subsonic vibration through the fabric of the house....and suddenly sits up and looks around the room, particularly in the shadows.
feels the vibration as well, but does not look up.
just watches Deirdre, curious.
notes the change in mood along with the vibration, and surveys the room again quickly before returning her attention to Deirdre
is just a leetle bitter in that last statement.
considers for a moment, then nods to Deirdre
says something under her breath, and draws the knife across heel of Kara's palm. She mutters something indistinct under her breath as blood pools in the palm of Kara's hand.
suffers the cut without comment
watches the blood pool in Kara's hand....and suddenly brings the hand to her mouth, and drinks it in. She holds it for a moment, then spits it into the silver bowl of water. She then starts chanting, and tapping the blade of the knife on the bowl's rim in time with the chant.
gets up, and unable to resist his curiosity, cautiously approaches the scene.
peers into the bowl, waiting.
continues to chant as images flicker back and forth across the face of the water. The scene seems to take awhile to stabilize, as if trying to decide on what exactly it is trying to see.
pauses, and dabs at her mouth with a towel before speaking.
studdies the man and the scene
regards the scene with interest.
looks at Icefox, and raises an eyebrow.
fingers her knife, and waits for Kara to decide.
considers, and pushes her open hand a little closer to Deirdre as way of awnser
nods, and takes Kara's hand.
uses the knife to re-open the clotting wound...then uses the knife to open a wound on her own hand. She holds both hands over the bowl, and chants as the blood drips into the water, and keeps time with the knife tapping on the bowl rim again.
watches with intesity, showing no sign of the pain from the wound
suddenly looks up from bowl as the tension in the room spikes, and there is a new presence looming in the corner - a disembodied shadow that does not move, but only observes....for now.
waves to the phantom.
spares the phantom a measuring glance, but doesn't keep her eyes off the bowl long
ignores Beausabre, and focuses on the bowl. Her chanting becomes hoarse as she masses her power to try and fight through the interference. The visions steady, and vision is clearly ancient. People in linen skirts are seen in a dusty street, lined with mud brick buildings. The landscape is flat but fertile-looking.
continues to chant, and the vision changes. The building vanish, and the people in kilts, replaced by skin-clad herders....the people change continuously, but the scene remains almost identical....and suddenly the interference is back.
chants louder...but the interference builds....until it becomes almost like trying to look into a stroboscope. Suddenly, there is a hissing noise and the water starts to bowl and a cloud of steam suddenly erupts from the bowl, erasing the scene.
catches the steam in a shield, keeping it away from anyone.
pulls her hand back at the steam erruption before Icefox bubbles it
breaks off chanting, and takes a sudden step back from the bowl, dragging Kara with her. She shields them both with the knife reflexively.
allows herself to be dragged by the person who knows what is going on
watches as the bowl boils off the last of the water....then twists itself into a geometrically impossible shape....and vanishes with a bang of displaced air.
looks up, first at Icefox.,...then at Beausabre, then back down at the space previously occupied by the bowl.
looks back over at the corner...where the shade makes a noise that could be interpreted as a nasty chuckle before it vanishes again.
suddenly realizes she still has a mouth filled with blood.
pulls free her cut hand and presses it against the leg of her pants to stop the bleeding
walks over to a side table and pours herself a glass of water....and then spits the first mouthful out into a potted plant next to the fireplace.
wipes her mouth with a handy towel.
nods, and holds the flat of the knife blade against her own cut, and heals it.
frowns and stands, padding over to Deirdre and Kara.
collects his empty teacup, then condenses the steam into it and starts investigating whether he can find any trace of magic on it other than his own or Deirdre's.  It's worth a shot.
feels totally useless!
does not seem well pleased, but if she is truely upset, she hides it well.
looks curious as well!
does not seem to be on the verge of a life story retelling here
looks curious...but apparently is not getting answers today.
, hint-ignorer extraordinare.
directs the 'no offense' towards Deirdre
manages a rather rueful smile.
says this while moving at a reasonable rate towards the doors, somehow managing to not seem hurried.
follows, to see her out.
tags along.
blinks and watches them go.
manages to get ahead of them, and has the door open for them.
steps through it and sketches something of a bow to Deirdre from the doorstep
directs that last to Beausabre.
stifles a cackle at that.
gives Beausabre a look that says "Oh?" in about 17 different languages.
gives Deirdre a mock bow, and heads down the steps back to the car.
nods again to Deirdre, and is back in the passenger seat before Beausabre reaches his door.
says has he climbs back into the car.
turns to Icefox.
nods, somewhat stiffly
cranks the car up, and starts back down the road.
bows with a flourish.
gives Icefox a mock-stern look, crosses her arms and taps her foot.
gives her his best innocent smile.
says nothing, but puts a bit more pressure on the accelerator.
smiles despite herself.
says rather imperiously.
twirls, then stops dead.
is rather coy....
grumbles something about untrustworthy mail.
turns away from the door, and heads for the kitchen.
pauses, and tries a different track
follows with a grin, looking around.
finally hits blacktop, and floors it.
still holds a grudge!
inspects the sliced palm of her hand, flicks a bit of dirt out off it, adn then resumes preasure
doesn't think Kara would pry more than that without good reason.
has, perhaps, sat through one too many late-night rambles through AT's psyche.
would probably NOT want to be around when they talk, probably.
now imagines Icefox as a nature-show narrator type person.
suggests that she's camera shy
thinks Rylah has shown herself to be considerably less skidish
is playing hellgate.
would leave off the "reasonably" from that sentence.
doesn't point out the kinks all over it's body
waits the moment that AT uses a gator to wallop an opponent.
remembers a dream where he had to assassinate someone in a hotel lobby with a syringe of poison.
orders the deforestation of the world
swats icefox with a broom
falls on top of Icefox
immolates Dak
sets up a minor cavein
is cleaning up his desk... finds a 0.02 euro coin.
finally gets around to downloading the Homeworld soundtrack.
has power again.
investigates the 3D DF visualization thingy
investigates city electrical codes.
is now attempting to use 3Dwarf
lights the world on FIRE.
has no knowledge of their parentage, illegitimate or otherwise?
imagines the screams as Mjolnir engages in silicon cannibalism.
has no idea what a "Muse Knight" would be, but it sure sounds cool.
goes back to writing....
ponders space-warship design
eyes Siber suspiciously.
sneakily unlocks the door to the mayor's office.
says this as he looks at the baren clay path worn in the grass by the dwarves carrying gold from his distant mines back to his horde
wonders if the stone room with six catapults in it throwing rocks at the walls might be causing some noise polution
thinks Mjolnir ought to market one of those. Totally.
puts in an order for sixty floodgates
drops a live Hallucigenia down Icefox's collar.
extracts it, boils it, and serves it up with butter and lemon.
sets his dwarves to mine out an entire level of mountain
dakka dakka dakka!
meant 600BC, doh
thinks he's having a post-traumatic stress flashback of last semester.
is flattened by a Jacobian.
leaves DF on
speaks from happy experience
is looking at The Witcher's website.
passes Mjolnir a form.
fills the form out, then goes back and time and crams the form down William Willett's throat
makes preperations for just that.
is having serious framerate issues with DwarfFortress
needs more mining picks...
is talking to AT on the phone.
awaits draconic status report
believes he's being dragged to alabama tuesdayish for about three days
considers abusing/repurposing the read/write head amplifier IC from the hard drives for an EEG
ponders the proliferation of CF cards on his desktop.
looks around the room, and wonders if the furniture is safe to sit on....
will fix in post-production.
has spent the last couple of days observing the mansion of the mysterious diplomat, and even talked to a servant or two. And come to the same conclusion that something's wrong without any definite answers.
has taken note of the general construction of the house and its wall. The location of the windows. Are there trellises, chimneys, or drainpipes to climb? What is the distance to the wall from the house, etc.
takes note of the arrival of the noble lady and her companion...and see them get turned away like all the rest.  (the first visit)
goes back to her lodgings to prepare just before sundown, and returns after the night has fallen.
is wearing fairly non-descript clothing. Not a ninja suit or anything, but its an unremarkable color and allows for free movement.
walks down the street, just as if she belongs there, until she gets close to the mouth of the alley that separates the mansion from its neighbor....and then ducks into the alley.
finds a spot along the wall that is not close to any windows in the house and pauses to wrap the Night around herself.
needs to read up on that...
leaps up to grab the edge of the wall, and looks over to see if any servants are out sneaking a smoke or something.
quickly rolls over the wall, and flattens herself up against the side of the building, and listens for a bit for any activity outside.
edges around the side of the building, and looks up. She's looking for an unlit window on the second floor that is easy to access. Oh, and she's making sure to go under any first floor windows.
grins, and starts climbing up the wall to the closest of the windows.
pulls up the txt on Tiger style....
pauses at the window to listen, then peer in quickly to see if anybody is there.
tries the window to see if its unlocked.
gently pushes it open, and pauses to see if there is a reaction.
gets the window open, and crawls through it, and pauses to see if there is any reaction from  somebody in the room she didn't notice before.
straightens up, and closes the window behind her. What sort of room is it?
goes to the hallway door, and listens.
cracks the door open a bit, and peeks through it to the hallway.
closes the door, and goes back to the window. Why risk the lit hallway when the night is her ally? she climbs back out and goes to scale the wall laterally to the next window.
pauses to wonder who's making such a scene at this time of night. Then shrugs. More distraction for her, then.
tries the window again. Locked?
carefully scales over to the lit window, and listens carefully for any motion or activity inside!
slooowly levers herself around to look into the room.
climbs in through the window, and moves to the door to listen for any activity outside.
would lock the door, but its likely the sound would alert the guard. Is there a light chair or something that I can use to wedge the door?
makes a note to invest in some door wedges next time, and leaves well enough alone. She decides to search the room. She's looking for documents, anything that can identify who's there. What sort of clothes are in the closet? Men's, women's?
is starting to get really tired  of all this wall crawling, but goes back to the window, and carefully sneaks along the wall to the next lit window, and listens.
waits patiently for more information, if there is any.
decides that she'll be damned if she's going leave empty handed, so she sneaks a look into the window.... ((hang on))
ponders whether native aluminum could exist anywhere
makes note of whatever the heck it is, and decides that discretion is the better part of valor.
gets very afraid.
makes a note to buff up Awareness and Perception the first chance she gets.
decides she's seen enough for tonight. The inhumanly beautiful "man" has convinced her that she needs to back off and try again later. Maybe the other side of the house.
is...needless to say...quite surprised.
ducks into the shadows to see who the hell this is. She saw him climbing down from the window as well?
waits for the other shoe to drop....
BURNS THE WORLD WITH HYPOCRACY!
freezes at the apparent escape attempt, and listens again. Has the alarm been sounded?
decides its time to get the hell out of Dodge, and makes a run at the wall, intending to leap over and vanish into the alley. And to follow the fscking n00b who just went over the wall.
looks to see which way the running man went.
follows, keeping to the shadows to observe this fool!
builds a hypocaust, and feeds it with the broken, twisted bodies of those who piss him off.
makes a note to get some awareness charms.
hopes he's not on the list.
unionizes Siber's dwarves.
floods thier food stores
watches the union boss mysteriously get locked into his room for three months.
floods the farms, too
abandons the fortress
imagines an entire level of the map undermined and filled with staircases and traps, with stairs popping up all over the place to the surface.
is on a 2x2 map, so it may be a bit more difficult
wonders how much more productive another race would be, just due to not expending so much energy on obtaining alcohol
maks foods
drops one of these down Siber's collar.  http://sow.ggnet.co.jp/works.htm?id=151
wonders if he'll find any perpetual motion machines when his basementattics turn comes around again
ponders if WoR knows any of the people she's about to meet...
pulls the night around him like a cloak and leaves via the window....and trips and falls to the ground outside!
wonders how much a geologically active planet resembles a very slowly boiling sphere of water...
is at this moment eating hot chocolate mix.
fiddles with goblins now
knows he'll catch some crap for that, but he doesn't really care.
starts over
wonders if fish will spontenaiously appear in water
has struck impossibite!
digs like mad
doesn't recall the remote in question
attacks the exalted setting chapter in hopes of coming up with an actual backstory and shit
gives Starfyre baleful looks of doom.
knows. he knows.
hands Icefox whiteout
puts it on his screen.
knows the feeling
does battle with circles
does battle with faulty motherboards
offers Siber a heat-gun.
thinks it would look cool!
is wondering if he can get the energy to program.
stabs the guy in charge of naming things in Exalted
stab stab stab
notes that the writers of the rulebooks don't have this excuse.
stuffs something under the couch
also murders the artist with throwing a woman wearing a single chain as chest covering into an otherwise reasonably tasteful scene
affects not to notice.
wonders how much of that comes from chineese and how much comes from the translation methods
contemplates modifications and heart disease
also contemplates that frozen creampuffs are awesome
ponders a game where you determine the logical operations and internal state within a black box from its inputs and outputs
peremptively kills Mjolnir
imagines a fully moddified Shakti ending up in a hospital on earth for some reason, and the reactions to x-rays and MRIs
has toyed with the idea that the Sibers, particularly the ones that haven't been doing much on earth lately, can't really drive an Earth car well
imagines what it would be like if Icefox got mugged.
punches the compiler in the FACE.
ponders what that female Jager looks like under that face mask.
seriously considers some sort of cocoon mechanism
begins preparations for the king
attaches butterfly wings to Shakti.
suggests deleting all but the current model
leaves a note for AT that its good to see him back, and to expect a new character in the next round of Exalted, and goes to bed.
directs hate at his mouse
sighs again
supposes 'now' isn't good, then
tests himself
sniffles and hugs AT.
strangles Siber
is traversing the basement, having just recently finished one of her first magic lessons from Releyara
is formless, waiting to become a character
gets into character
is kitchenbound, making fire and smells
tases both of you clowns, bro
detects the smells and corrects her path to seek their source
is wearing a suit of ornate, encrusted battle armor and is wielding an unassuming paring knife, chopping garlic
enters the kitchen doorway and stops dead, observing the spectacle
says, happily, and bounds happily towards her with a knife
attempts to sheild herself from imment stabhugging
peers at her
lowers her arms gingery
walks in, an annoyed look on her face and a cookbook in her hands
says, tossing the knife from hand to hand. It looks like an adroit feat of dexterity till you realize the knife is thudding solidly into his palm each time and bloodlessly sticking in there
licks a page
perks up
casually throws the knife at her
uses the book as a shield
uses the knife as a handle to retrieve book?
watches the knife 'trick' with distinct unease, and then steps back when he throws it
lets it go
grumbles a bit
throws up his hands
puts the book behind his ear, glancing at the title, and goes back to chopping garlic
takes the cutting board, distends his jaw, and scrapes the garlic into his mouth
chew chews
sounds cautious, unsure that this will go in any obvious direction
mutters something about dangerous ideas, and stalks over to the counte in search of food
checks to see if she's heading towards a plate heaped with cooked meat and/or the other plate heaped with less-than-cooked meat
sniffs a plate experimentally
starts ticking stuff off
points in about the right direction before nibbling at dinner
tugs her tail reproachfuly
squeaks indignantly
sounds defensive, and tries to gently pull Reyla away from dinner
opens a cookbook labeled "Regular" and shows her the recipe
conspicuously avoids the cookbooks labeled "Super", "X-Treem", and ">9000".
does not allow herself to be easily pulled, though she probably stops eating
gives her a glare
watches the exchange with a mix of amusment and bewilderment
looks stern
stalks off
watches her go for a moment, then looks back to AT
grumbles a lot under her breath, but "I am not a child..." is discernable
hands about fifteen pounds of beefs to Shakti and motions towards the table
catches it and hauls it over
sounds curious instead of defensive for once
rustles in the kitchen, and if she looks he is being followed by six or seven dishes ranging from utterly mundane, like a sandwich, to a restaurant quality presentation of a marinated tire iron, all floating around him
plonks the meat down on the table and turns back to him, stoping to stare at the tire iron.
shakes her head in amusment
waits for Shakti to be seated, then takes a seat as well.
says to Releyara
says in response to the earlier train of conversation as she is seated.
takes a seat, tail lashing
slides over a piece of paper that says "Laundry, Return Videos, Laundry, Shopping, Laundry, Kill Closet Imp, Ironing"
eyes AT a bit, then gets food
passes the plate of raw beef to her
turns to Releyara
obtains steak and begins to saw into it
says, taking a bite from the tire iron. It... well, iron being torn by teeth makes a very quiet screeching noise
says, as if that means anything
tries the beef
gives AT a look, wraps her tail around his ankle under the table, and yanks
goes thonk
looks up at the thonk
reaches under the table
waves AT's foot back and forth in front of him, all taunting-like
repossesses the beef
works on her steak
pegs AT with his foot
hopes it doesn't stick to his forhead or something
catches it and surreptitiously reattaches
passes the bowl
assaults her steak
aims an inquiring look at shakti
dishes up a bit of salad
returns to ripping apart her steak
blinks, load of salad half way to her mouth
shoots AT a "stop that!" look when she thinks shakti isn't looking
is totally off guard by Reyla's look
detects resolve in Releyara's glare
chews on salad
mostly mutters "wouldn't know how anyway.."
ceases the glare
offers one to Shakti
plonks it on his head and it splits open evenly, managing not to splatter coconut milk everywhere
hands one half to Releyara, and starts cronching on his
monch cranch
peels the coconut out of it's shell with a talon
looks really expectant and satisfactory
nods at both of them.
sighs quietly and crams some steak into her mouth to occupy herself with
leans close...
demonstrates with a quiet, sad, defeated sigh
manages to be half convincing in that declaration, but only half
looks at Releyara
nods distractedly
looks at her still somewhat occupied plate
rolls her eyes
eats of his food
scrapes up the last bits of steak and leans back
laughs out loud
looks around for pie
directs her to it
gets herself a slice
passes the pie
wants some too
claims a slice
consumes her desert at a decent clip
shrugs somewhat noncommitally
says, quickly
gives AT a questioning look
polishes off her slice of pie
raises an eyebrow
HATES AT HIS COMPUTER
hates sooo much
seeks reactions
biffs Starfyre with PM's
teaches a 70-year-old professor the mysteries of how to resize windows.
ponders making his mesh-loader load quads... but then realizes he'd then have to draw quads as well, and that would do nothing but slow down everything.
is less than thrilled about the animation.
tells his 70-year-old Mystery Engineer that, yes, he can actually delete redundant information.
directs hate at PDFs
does note that PDFs are not elegant, flexible, devestatingly simple, OR things that give you exactly what you need.
ponders the cocoon thing
gives Sev the link
thomps sev.
is look at the atomic rocket page on suspended animation
begins taking precautions to make caravans live!
breaks all of Workfox's stuff
eats Workfox'S important personal files on his computer. AND backups.
gets a chainsaw.
recovers his data from AT.
gives up some bits
keeps recovering until he has ALL the bits.
seeks further opinions on http://twttjwdw.a.wiki-site.com/index.php/Shakti?#Planned_Modifications
imagines waking up to find a small insect colony up one's nostrils
finds himself no more enlightened.
begins to nourish a deep, festering hate for Mjolnir in his heart.
peruses last nights events.
goes back to figuring out useful things to do with salvaged HD parts
goes back to watching dwarves dig in sand
expects Mjolnir to start scraping radium off of old luminescent watch dials any minute now....
is amused by Irrational Accusation
could think of several similar arguments about some anime.
expects Mjolnir to start mass-production of sonar-guided death-bots any day now.
subcumbs to the fever and totters off to bed.
just spent a small degree of effort putting some stuff in Freemind to try and organize some thoughts, and then was abruptly reminded that Freemind is very much mouse driven
suddenly realizes he's reading the lyrics to the Ultimate Showdown instead of the Exalted setting chapter and has been for several seconds
thinks somewhere in the area of 12-15
just inhaled some pasta
thinks that's both really cool and really disgusting
hugs Pandora
ponders gills
is blameless!
flips off youtube.
loves him some DoC
has been watching it three times so far
wishes lava would move faster
considers various difficulties.
votes for way up
loads every ship ever with fighters and one-shot rocket paks
really wishes lava would flow faster
is also channeling magma across half the map
channels magma across half the map!
looks at all the people logged in yet suspiciously not here...
just lost an entire immigrant wve
locks the doors of his fortress and lets the remaining fools die
nerfbats Beausabre
wonders if the author has the slightest clue what a maser is
dubs Siber the Keeper of the Antikethera Mechanism.
is reminded that Junior has been much negelcted of late
is shocked and amazed to find that a pixar movie looks fantasticly fun
tosses a quaternion at Siber's head.
kills his laptop
has come to the stunning  conclusion that naming his draft Poser files all "TestXX" is probably not the best idea he's had lately.
is curious!
opens a closet full of coconut crates.
stabs Foxit
sets fire to Whitewolf
sets fire to his motherboard
does it with thermite
takes Siber by the shoulders and stares intensely at him.
hates endings.
points at the rtf
notes that there are a lot of games like that.
shares with Starfyre: http://www.arklyffe.com/twtgallery/v/Siber/fic/CotBW.rtf.html
gets out the Big Stick.
notse that Starfyre has had basementattics for better than a week now
did not remember years lasting this long
is in the process of setting up his laptop to be usable
does have a catgirl character in one of his ideas who's bust is correctly porportioned for a feline
wonders if anyone would still object to her being bare chested.
is pondering weird universes
dances the groovy quaternion dance.
stabs Mjolnir
attempts actually installing the thing instead of running it off the thumb drive
tries to think what else he has on his computer to move to his tumb drive as he moves to the laptop
had such an error in his quaternion implementation
suspects possible ground current problems
whistles innocently.
checks to see if the monitor he's using is the battery backed or surge protected one
watches peasants flee!
plugs the laptop back in to see if the problem rematerializes.
takes it out and resumes his spider solitare marathon
makes a mental note to go Boston Scientific if he ever needs a defibrillator
makes another mental note to avoid anything and everything made by Medtronic
is now in a different location entierly
kills george
will be right back
doesn't get his hopes up
feeds the gremlins
refrains from making "Pokemon" jokes.
goes ballistic from excessive poking, and murders all of them in their beds.
is now using a third pointing device
smiles....and waits until Mjolnir's back is turned....
makes a note on which one to murder in their sleep.
digs through the bin of dusty old plot devices
tries to remember the last time Siber had a spot in the House....
dusts chanathal
sets mode + character
decides he's not here...
knocks on Kara's door. Politely.
opens the door from across the room, standing up from a writing desk carpeted with papers to face the doorway
gestures, and a seat pulls out for him.
cautiously approaches and claims the seat
retakes her own chair.
seems relieved
half turns and quickly sweeps up the papers on her desk into one stack and puts them into a drawer. She touches a lighted bar along the top of the desk, which dims to polished stone before she folds up the desk to make a little more room in the room.
is *not* comforted
gives a small smile
seems rather uncertain about how to approach this particular subject
considers, then shakes her head
gets up and prepares to head exitward
turns back to her desk and starts unfolding and unpacking again and hea heads out
will keep that in mind
uses a little hot water heating machine thingy at times to make hot chocolate.
goes to get a fresh cup of hot chocolate, minus the teabag
wonders if AT will show up tonight
finally has enough population to initiate the goblin siege
also initiates plans to flood the world
shares backstory with AT: http://www.arklyffe.com/twtgallery/v/Siber/fic/CotBW.rtf.html
doesn't like the mayor's chances in the next election
raises two dinky flaps on his Corrugated Carboardium ship
rolls up his sleeves.
frappe le lupin d'ais
gives AT a good whap
incinerates AT with thermite.
adds more thermite.
starts piling it on in five-ton blocks, that are already conveniently ON FIRE.
loads them all into weapon traps
gets to burning
goes to download the CSRP again
already wiki'd them.
kills Icefox
passes Icefox a five ton block of burning thermite
dies... well, not happy, but amused.
attacks with Milk-class Juggernaughts
flanks with Coffee-class Destroyers
unrar's orb.zip
has sex with ORB's textures.
holds it
gives the order to kill that dwarf
LAUGHS AT YOU
tries a more powerful compression algorithm.
gets a 36 meg file.
lights on FIRE.
killaxes everbody
rezzes everyone
is miraculously alive
doesn't need it, due to his ring of life3.
kills the duplicate
slices off the finger
heads off to scrub his brain with lye
tases Icefox, bro
needs more digits
is about to find out how bad sieges really are
ponders bed
strangleth you
strangleth thee
is unreasonably amused.
is defeated by "Press Any Button to Continute"
uses Cartesian Dualism to separate his mind from his body!
deals 812 mindless damage?
takes all TFGs ever and eats them
transfigures Starfyre into... Starfyre!
casts El Fire on Icefox!
casts El Fuego on Starfyre!
casts El Hazard on Siber
wonders what his power would be
appears from upstairs and whaps AT on the head.
Jinnai Laughs
Kefka Laughs
drops his voice three octaves
isn't sure Starf needs to go down quite that far. But then he lacks the knowledge to really judge
directs AT to youtube
encases Beausabre in molten iron.
gbuh gbah
raises the terror level to 10
monster storm
opens a portal to the Plateau of Lang on the Unvisited Isle. Again
imagines booting up an aircraft carrier.
adds "investigate new hard drives" to his to-do list.
loves the bullet hoses
watches Star Wreck battle
has an image of Rain bundled up in about 7 layers of clothes while the others are mostly in shirt sleeves.
loves Never Die a lot
thinks it sucks that catapults can't fire up and down z-levels
isn't too sure about the little spikes on the shoulderpads, but overall approves
will try photoshop
takes a screen shot of firefox
continues the ancient dwarven art of road construction
is about to have company, so will be in and out
hits his head on a wall.
sets about trying to get his email back.
ventures into the exalted rules again to see what his chosen charms do
flies a Higaaran corvette out of the skybox.
gets IDEAS.
gets fears
will see if any interesting alternate flaws come to him
tries hard to be inconspicuous.
has the sudden image of a square peg, a round hole, and a VERY large hammer....
just actually read the comic
starts to grin...
takes a small nuke, gives it a 1 second timer, starts the timer and puts it Elsewhere
considers how to rewrite that.
really doesn't have enough game experience to be all that helpful, unfortunately.
really cannot decipher the dialog there in that 3rd speech bubble.
keeps his own council.
perches on Marrighan's head?
is running down the stairs when icefox suddenly appears...which throws her off her stride a bit, and she has to grab the bannister.
steadies her, without appearing to actually do anything.
looks up in alarm from her place in the living room at the noises, then gives Icefox a bit of glare at seeing the situation.
regains stability and finishes decending the steps.
hops off of her and slides down the banister.
hoists her overnight bag.
materializes in the living room.
looks to Shakti for some guidance.
makes an elaborate bow, suddenly atop Melusine's head.
adresses Marrighan now
projects a plot labeled "Icefox Behavioral Projections". There is a large green ovoid in the center of the multidimensional plot labeled "Acceptable Behavior". Most of the points lie outside that oviod.
inspects the plot curiously.
gives Icefox a quick rundown on the sociological dimension scheme she's invented.
returns to Marrighan's head.
suddenly grins and hugs her bag.
is almost hopping up and down.
laughs and digs her charm out of her pocket
goes!  And takes Marrighan with him.
points to a blinking point on the graph.
probably arrived by way of the Beach, Arry's house, and Deirdre's place.  Pop pop pop.
teleports to the commons on LB
arrives and gives Icefox an annoyed look as soon as she gets her bearings, presuming he's in the vicinity
and Icefox are there too. The floor of the commons is almost covered in cable, which snake in through the overhead airlock and across the deck.+
appears in the commons as well.
waves to Titan!
looks around at the mess of cables
sticks her blonde head from out of the cockpit at the voices.
blinks at Belle.
advances across the deck to Icefox.
extends her hand to Icefox.
gives Belle a suspicious stare... and shakes her hand.
shakes enthusiastically.
radiates that same sort of enthusiasm that you get from a theme restaurant waitress!
nods (enthusiastically!) in confirmation of Icefoxe's statement!
gives Marri a smile.
grins happily at Titan.
gives Icefox a look
gives Iceox a look as well.
is just fascinated by the by-play.
looks highly dubious
wanders over to one of the consoles and starts looking at the connections.
rides along on her head and asks questions about various things.
follows the Marri/icefox combo and answers.
hovers nearby
points at the various connections and doo-dads.
looks at Marri.
gives Marrighan large, illusory bat-wings, a la the demons.
and Marrighan disappear towards the cockpit.
doesn't notice the wings.
ducks under the hatch and rides with!
climbs into the control couch like she was putting on a favorite pair of old jeans.
stands beside her, and pulls up a checklist on her datapad, and they start with the process of waking up Little Bird from its nap.
stands beside her, and pulls up a checklist on her datapad, and they start with the process of waking up Little Bird from its nap.
turns to Shakti.
follows into the cockpit and observes
is waylaid
ends most of her sentences with exclamation points!
walks Marri through part of the checklist.
works through the checklist, and more and more lights come on in the cockpit.
sorta mutters the last half.
taps out a command on her data pad.
shrugs, becoming notably uncomfortable.
says...with sort of an implied "...and?"
gives another shrug and mutters something about time
scrolls through her datapad.
and Belle continue with the checklist.
blinks at that
sighs, seeming a bit weary
seems somewhat amused.
doesn't quite gush
does smile a bit though
glances at the cockpit door
returns to the cockpit!
and Belle emerge as if on cue.
sits in the cockpit, fiddles with the controls that look particularly inactive, and makes "Vrooom!  Zoom!  Pshew pshew!" sounds.
reaches back and thwaps Icefox on the noggin'.
is trying to keep from laughing.
glares at Icefox.
points at the datapad.
points at Icefox threateningly with the stylus.
looks at Marrighan with Big Sad Foxie Eyes.
points at Shakti.
asks Marri and Shakti.
nods agreement.
makes a note on her datapad.
vanishes from the commons.
vanishes, and appears outside on top of Titan's head.
seems to be staring off into space, then comes back.
heads out, if nothing else happens within
waves as they leave!
picks up her bag and follows Shakti.
waits outside, crowned with a Fox.
chuckles at the arrangment of fox and AI
leads the group through the corridors. The change from the last time they were there is considerable. Several times, other figures cross their path, on unknown errands.
gives Icefox a look that manages to express the depths to which she is not amused
indicates a doorway.
is pretty deeply unamused, for reference.
returns her attention to Titan
has the door opened, and motions for them to step through.
steps a time or two
makes a holographic screen, showing the exterior of her asteroid base, appear.
is getting ideas.
leads them down some more corridors.
winces a little at the memory
experiences language glitches!
is definitely ask more questions about this....
drifts up to a door, and it slides open. The room inside is arranged as a two-story loft, with a living room and small kitchenette downstairs and presumably a bed upstairs.
steps inside....and looks around.
hops off of Titan's head and scampers around the room, investigates the kitchen, bounces on the sofa, messes with any avaliable electronic equipment, et cetera.
asks Marri and Shakti?
can only nod as she walks into the room and starts examining things.
turns to Shakti.
has a somewhat menacing undertone to her voice...probably for Marri's benefit.
's head whips around at the mention of "kara" and "exercise".
comes over....and hugs Shakti.
returns the hug and pats her on the back once or twice
lets go.
disengages and steps back a bit
keeps himself from saying anything along the lines of "Awwww..."
refrains as well.
looks at Titan.
hugs Marrighan.
pats Icefox on the head.
offers one!  Dipped in chocolate, no less.
leads the way out into the corridor.
links arms with Marrighan and skips after!
thought as much
looks at Siber
, master of making things difficult.
thinks up a name
deletes "Blow Me Away" from his computer
is doing it manually
imagines Kirk as Fleet Command
finds out just how much crap he can fit in his karate bag.
unreasonably tired
thwap Starfyre
likes planetscraping
tests Starfyre
hands Starfyre a nifty hat
throws an arm around Starfyre's shoulder and bursts into exuberant song
shakes his fist at thee!
will do it. don't think he won't!
sets a punji-stake trap for TropicalSiber.
visits that site regularly
notes that Rojas also killed the guy's girlfriend as well.
administers pipe wrench
checks TVtropes
ponders how events would have played out in Scattered if Shakti were a Mary Sue
has a box...
equips Swiss Army.
is bored.
figures if they are passing for human that it's only a matter of time before they end up at the mercy of some very confused paramedics
imagines a couple doctors standing around x-rays of dual hearts and wondering who's the prankster
draws a blank
imagines Rylah found unconcious some where and paramedics put her on a gurnie.
wonders what the revamped heart setup would do to an EKG
is crush'd.
picks up the table, flips it over and gets duct tape.
puts on rubber gloves and puts Sabre back together...in a manner of speaking atleast
is turned into a gruesome hunchback!
puts in an order for another blank champion
ponders the effect of an RPG character, probably a barbarian, that through a linguistic trick always refers to themselves in the third person.
rubs his hands and cackles.
added too many plurals!
did too
steams out of his ears.
gains an Uber Power Aura, causing bits of ground around him to mysteriously levitate.
goes >9000
puts Icefox on a frictionless surface.
smites that guy, with SCIENCE!
positions him under one of those islands and turns physics back on
wonders how long his mouse will stay dead.
needs to read up a bit more on the specifics of exaltation
wonders how closely you could approximate teh Thread characters in Exalted rules
press-gangs the useless dwarves into masons and stonecrafters
steeples his fingers
is unfamiliar with the 'one-in-five thing'
ponders microwaves with built-in autoclave cycles
lights AT and Eddie on fire with his MIND.
imagines it's something like denver
tosses AT his "lady Fen" costume and shoves him toward the door.
is completely unawares
would point out to the "But she still ain't wearing pants brigade!" that WoR does have a completely adequate pair of boots on. Without high-heels.
would be wearing pants
((does battle with pointing devices))
isn't sure if this is better or worse than the original furstration
thinks planning out the exit probably would have been a good idea.
is waiting back at base, wherever that is.
assumes the properly guardlike and bored expression as he escorts lady fen back
keeps the snooty noble air as long as possible
asks of Cotbw, assuming he's not jumping ahead
relates what little he saw when the dudes finally arrive
slumps in the nearest available chair/couch
wonders if they perhaps want to figure out what happened after she lost sight of CotBW first before going too far...
is annoyed at the implication
didn't notice that he was spotted, so didn't relate that bit
cudgels his haphazard memory
assumes that they will head in the same general direction as the one the one that got inside, and looks along the main roads that lead from the embassy in that direction.
is somewhat annoyed about her failure to follow the first guy, and decides to forgo her usual caution and see if she can sneak into where they are staying.
drops over the wall, and sneaks up to the side of the house, and starts listening at windows.
asks CotBW
rolls lore+int to know shot?
relates this fact, presumably
isn't all that fond of this frozen icebox that she finds herself stuck in, but has friends and acquaintances here, and doesn't like Fair Folk all the much from the raids in the South.
takes the opportunity to climb up onto the windowsill, and tries to look like she's been there all the time.
goes for his weapon
says calmly, from the window.
says falling out of her chair
leaps up considerably
points sword in general direction of wings
takes in the general reaction with some amusement, though the tiger was s surprise. She' s pretty confident she can make it out the window and away if anybody gets frisky, though that javelin and/or the tiger may be a problem.
indicates CotBW with a tilt of her head.
appears unamused.
just smiles at the question.
takes in Lady Fen's robes.
gives wings the eeeevil eye
glances at Cotbw
swings her feet into the room, and puts them on the floor, looking for any reaction from the kitty.
absently pats the bored looking cat
gives a quick description of the emblem the Fae had on his robes (which the GM has failed to provide). "He bore that device on his clothes. I do not know what it means."
is gunning for the deathray combo
imagines Wings of Rain as James Bond, and Lady Fen as the Damsel In Distress.
is apparently quite dumb and uneducated.
isn't from around here, so she's probably ignorant.
crowns GMfox King of Kitch. Now we need a region of the North to be designated as such.
shakes his head
looks foolish
refrains from comment!
looks troubled by that throught
stands up and does the Picard maneuver
raises her eyebrows at the assumption authority over her person.
leans over at looks at Child.
bats away fleeting thought that some of this seems all too familiar, then turns back to the conversation.
rolls her eyes at Lady Fen's assertion, which also feels all too familiar.
is dubious
tasks the cat with making sure WoR doesn't murder them all in their sleep, at least
shakes her head at Eraykll.
starts to slip out the window, and pauses.
wishes she hadn't gone to bed. >.<
will interveen
does the arm grab!
will dodge, and try to flip backwards out the window at the same time. She still sitting on the ledge, after all.
laughs from the darkness.
shouts out the window
considers giving EraykII a good shove, but decides against it
vanishes over the wall and into the dark.
sends the curtain down and whips the prop-boys into action.
takes a bow.
slept uneasily, with visions of guards carshing in any moment to take them in for treason or whatever.
presents herself at the gate of the house, saying that she is here to see that over-dressed popinjay of a noble lady who is a guest here....or words to that effect.
has risen early to train!
is flipping daggers at a target, or something
enters the courtyard/house or whatever, munching on an apple and following the flunky.
is feeding the cat.
is keeping an eye out for likely routes of escape...and really doesn't like the idea of trying to outrun that tiger.
decides to plot out a way to fix that with custom ride charms.
waits for the flunky to show her to Fen.
smiles daggers at Fen.
finishes her apple, and hands the core the flunky before he departs.
gives Fen an annoyed look at informing someone they could make more money by betraying them.
twitches, and mutters something under her breathe in FireTongue. It might translate "And she's giving me fashion tips?!?!?"
HUGS FEN.
looks at the others questioningly.
whirls, dagger at the ready!
goes to the door. Is there a peephole or something?
says to Fen
ponders the overreaction, and waits for CotBW to answer her inquiry. She also makes sure she's not between Fen and door.
does so
heads off to fashion++;
makes with the introductions, somewhat grudgingly.
is dressing so can't comment!
considers the question.
says, returning with a silly hat and a silly robes
rolls his eyes at the frivolities of civilization
blinks at the froofroo....
dies laughing!
delicately adjusts it
rolls his eyes and mutters something when fen isn't looking
thinks that Lady Fen's parents were probably such minor nobles that EVERY LITTLE BIT COUNTED, and they had to be as Noble as humanly possible.
is now reconsidering her previous statement about needing to be involved....
looks at all assembled
shakes her head.
could really use some background on what the local despot is like. Like does he write things down, or can he even read?
looks at CotBW and shrugs.
assumes proper bodyguard position
gives the cat some signals and it trots off with the guard
joins the entroage, then.
has his best mammoth hides on. Plenty enough froofery for him
takes careful note of all doors, guard posts, and escape routes on his way in, as a good bodyguard should
tags along with the group through the front door. Its easier to get in if you have an invitation, after all.
is politely displeased
is somewhat impressed that Fen can get a private audience on such short notice.
burns 6 motes to act humble on performance excellency and starts saying
ponders a way to get away from the guards.
types a long typing
REALLY NEEDS to finish his stupid map.
also wonders (belatedly) on how up to date he is about recent attempts on the life of one of his rivals.
looks confused
((drops one of these down Lady Fen's collar: http://market.renderosity.com/mod/bcs/photos/prodimg8/product_image_full_89315.jpg ))
glances at Fen to see if she has a prepared explination. Obviously, he wasn't there, so he can't have been responsible
's ears prick up at that.
shuts up
feigns not hearing her bodyguards talk
would kick Erayk if it could be less conspicous.
rolls her eyes. Amateurs.
nods humbly
inclines his headenough to be noticed
ponders the line of descent that led from Carthage to someone named "McMahon"...
seems somewhat accusatory, though he moderates it reasonably well
sidles away from CotBW.
wants to seem like an utterly trustworthy confidante
is not wholely molified, but lets Fen keep center stage
freezes at that callous statement.
gives Erayk a quick, nasty look, as any association with the wyld probably isn't a good idea.
is suddenly a lot  less happy to associated with this group.
pulls cotbw over and whispers "the lunars, fool!" into his ear
yanks himself free and gives a glare that clearly says 'shut up!' and attempts to distract the king and general by supporting Fen
too slow!
wonders if Botulinum toxin would have an effect on demons
affixes CotBW with a "pleeeease stop taaaalking" look
contemplates chewing off her own leg to escape,
decides Fen is having more luck and lets her have reign, though he looks unpleased
mutters something crude sounding in a barbarian language
looks like she is suppressing a violent urge to run far away from the group.
is not forthcoming with a translation
directed that at both the complainers
rounds on Fen.
falters a bit...
suddenly is wondering why she said "always" when she just met them....
looks suprised at the familiarity implied in that statement
is staring at Fen's face....as if trying to remember something. In particular she's looking at Fen's forehead until she says something, and snaps back.
suddenly suspects that Fen and Rain were lovers back in the First Age.
sounds somewhat petulant
(shoots the GM)
points up to the "heads will roll" part at the beginning.
may want heads to roll
is staying out of this fight. yes he is.
scrubs at the forehead
says something sulfurous in Firetounge.
starts for the door.
turns to Erayk
will not be here next Sunday, alas.
probably not either...
puts the hat on Wings
now has 22 unspent EXP
runs in circles.
was wondering if glorious solar bolt was a GG I Can't Miss against the fae
figures the Rain is just catching up on a few millenia of frustration at Fen's method of "strategy."
epic level grin
is responding to questions from Sev
, AWAY!
opens in firefox and screenshots
flips the "broken" flag in all of Siber's mice
sends his attack drones after Mjolnir
is fighting off hoards of zombies.
thinks its "hordes" but what the heck.
lends Schwartz some shotguns, forgetting that they're loaded with non lethal ammo
is hoarding shotguns while fighting of hordes of zombies.
decides to amuse himself with carrying through with his mad scheme of making Exalted characters out of the Thread characters
would be curious to see the result of that....
head asplode
hasn't seen any reference to pattern spiders in the rules
wonders what happens on the diagonals
gives Mjolnir a sword and sends him after a T-rex
tosses the sword away and grabs a rocket launcher
researches, designs, and builds a rocket launcher before going out to hunt T-rexes
leads the T-rex into a pit trap
decides on Red Rage of Compassion for Shakti
has a row of screw pumps, dwarven recruits pumping iron
needs some combos...
does as well
refreshes his memory on the Zenith caste
has accidentally triggered Starfyre's latent fears!
grabs beausabre's line of thought and runs off into the night
flees like the wind itself!
leaves a variety of pit traps and deadfalls around Anakah and merely waits.
has not communicated his annoyance with the ending of Dust.
can see how that would be irritating
works all those times
has an unbeleivably tough milkman!
loads six war dogs onto a peasant recruit and sends him to clear out the magma room
chooses Starfyre
sets mode +character
goes in search of a human!
is in his/anakah's study. Studying (dun dun dun...)
makes some very quiet scruffling noises... akin to a small furry pest. The sounds come from the building's ceiling.
glances up
dangles some white hair out of a grating, then in a headbutt knocks it off
closes whatever he was reading, and waits patiently
drops from the ceiling and lands on a table like a feather
looks puzzled
shakes his head
nods and looks expectant
sounds realllly unsure
peers intently
offers one to Starfyre
accepts it
produces a hat worthy of Capts. Barbossa or J. Sparrow and puts it on his head
cocks his head, looking confused
slides closer and throws a confidential arm over Starfyre's shoulder
waves his hand
thinks more
nods again
lays a finger on the side of his nose and disappears
waves, and thinks
gives george a cookie
wonders if Starf's writeup is ever going to appear
wonders that too.
beleives he's only got access to the core Solar rules
dones't quite remeber
gets his pith helmet, shotgun, and PDF reader
throws things
suffers misc. injuries
puts a coil spring on a stick and starts flicking it. His cat finds this fascinating.
is now certain Mjolnir contributes to the Whiteboard.
ponders tracking people in a room by measuring time-of-arrival of their footsteps at microphones around the periphery of the room
isn't going to do anyone elses characters because he'd second guess too much on the stuff
makes a new mortal character sheet
leaves it blank and hits print
wonders what Wings of Rain's reaction would be to being told she's in over her head and should stay away from them for her own good
plans to bring it up
shows off: http://i262.photobucket.com/albums/ii112/EatThePath/HWAT/CCL_02_Size_02.png
probably isn't going to mess with other people's characters
wonders if Abysals even have virtues
would be interested in seeing how the virtues played out for that bunch
has an image... Anakah, reading a book. Starfyre walks up behind, and places a hand on her shoulder. She turns her head, as if to look up at him... and bites .
prompts AT to check memos
notes that AT is currently enthusiastic.
gives a hi five
ponders how much EXP he'd have to give Kara to swing it
votes we frag this commander
combos someone's face off
tries 10%
is considering combining thunderbolt attack, Iron whirlwind, 1w2b, HTT, and an excellency.
needs to look at more of the charms
might call the additional willpower requirement if you use a perfect defense more than once per tick.
noticed that last night
gets into his shoe and drives around.
hugs xkcd
is assuming Icefox is familiar with the game
is speaking qualitatively, having not been to said class in two weeks.
wonders who that memo is to.
weighs his options
is oddly amused by mibbit highlighting 'at' as a user name
thinks AT should refer to his thagomizer at some point
, slightly high.
imagines AT's tail as a frag grenade.
now imagines AT tearing his tail off and throwing it at people.
watches the cat bus drive past.
considers giving himself a comma quota.
considers twinklering Siber in the neck
gives Word funny looks
prods AT
recomends use of the glow layer
eyes his 3-month-old sneakers balefully.
turns down Mjolnir's volume.
ponders guns disguised as hard drives
does not disagree
kinda likes the Firefly model of really high tech guns that fire bullets.
blocks lolcats.com.
has too look up the names of the regulars at the gun range....
picks up his ears>
ponders what  1-dot manse can do.
subs in Fran and 'sabre
sucks at getting to sleep, for the record
gives a link in return: http://uk.youtube.com/watch?v=D99NHb6B03s
checks his LOD1 file
looks at the now barren hull
knows the feeling
is filled with dread
points to the glide?
finally gets around to writing his DF session!
stabs Starfyre with memos
thinks it does sound a bit antisocial, but he's not too familiar with the people and the gifts involved.
is trying to find the comic
points up
doesn't even know where half his workshops are anymore
sends the local Bloodbowl team after Siber.
deploys napalm covered caltrops
cast improved haste
thinks about the taiidani toaster a bit
then thinks about the engines of the taiidani carrier
finishes to think about the taiidani's destroyer turrets
is curious as to when the general time frame for stuff tonight is
thinks we ought to make a long term plan of going and kicking the primordial's asses again to get rid of that pesky curse
wonders if Icefox has a ponytail and coke-bottle glasses.
stares blankly at Scattered for a while
swaps Scattered for "Slaughterhouse 5" without Siber noticing.
ponders conflicting prophecies
ponders prophets in conflict.
asks, just to keep things from dyeing out completely.
tie-dyes Beausabre
wonders if that means only black to white, no real color options, just shades
is trying to interpret AT's description of Fen.
takes the "f" and straightens the top part to make it a "t" and then re-arranges the letters in "Tish".
gets out his flamethrower, approaches Beausabre with a friendly expression.
hides behind Mjolnir.
jumps up onto Mjolnir, and flamethrowers Beausabre from above.
runs around in circles, on fire!
gets the fire extinguisher
produces a fish, and attempts to roast it on Beausabre.
turns off the grill
slumps into a pile of ashes.
holds up a chunk of hematite that needs to be smelted.
gives Icefox an ashy finger.
reconstitutes Sabre.
extends his hand.
considers for a moment, then shakes it.
checks to make sure he is still in posession of his accustomed shape, number of limbs, and other vital statistics.
preasures Beausabre to do the whole party.
tests Beausabre to see if he's there
tests Siber to see if he's there
notes that dark-skinned people in the south have black, blond or red hair...
engages RP with Siber?
is wrapping a spot of writing up
lights Siber on fire.
can work with that....
is go
attempts to teleport!
stops what he's doing and looks very confused. Then, in the midst of whatever it was he was doing, he teleports out to a featureless barren expanse. +
shifts seamlessly into draconic form as he appears in the plain. In front of him is a golden sphere of incalculable magical energy floating about a half meter above the ground. Above both of these things is a roiling sea of stars in their billions, the sky a wall of blinding light that would be fatal to any human that dared stay long there.
sticks his head inside the energy sphere and stares straight at its single occupant balefully.
looks surpised and confused
steps back as best she can inside the sphere at the intrusion, and then draws herself up in the face of the massive draconic head
morphs to humanoid form and strides towards her with a cold look on his face and aggressive posture
approaches to hand to hand combat range.
grabs the top of Settesa's head and applies uncomfortable pressure.
jolts at seeing his humanoid form, recognizing it.
calls up what she knows of AT and decides antagonizing him is bad. She lifts the arm that bears the bracelet
removes the bracelet and waits for more information
lets go of her head
inspects the bracelet and shoops off to where it was last activated, Settesa in tow
stiffens as AT and Settesa appear in her appartment behind her, able to feel the dragon's presence despite the screen and controls in front of her, distracting her. She waves closed all the open reports and maps, spins her chair around, and stares at the two arrivals
lets Settesa go
is let go, and straightens herself up
stands up
hands Shakti the bracelet
indicates Settesa
turns to Settesa
turns back.
is still glaring at AT, however little good it does her.
is made of pure chrome oblivizoid alloy
is in observer mode
is given a glance from Shakti, and speaks again.
says, looking hopeful to Shakti
takes Settesa and voips off to her destination
was heading for the House, appoximately
arrives in the house and returns to his business
probably does some shouting
probably departs down the basement stairs rapidly
didn't quite forsee the jump back to Noyrn
has still not set the default second destination for his transport charm.
same as always
has a mental image of a GIANT WARDROBE appearing at 30,000 feet over Ohio, and AT's plane flying right into it.
imagines the collective reaction to the sudden appearance of five mile-high anima banners inside the city.
plans on inciting a bit of conflict about the taking along of the apparently mortal Wings
considers the situation: while( not doneWithHomework() { drinkCaffiene(); procrastinate(); }
now has the idea that "Higgaran" would translate to "Homey" stuck in his head
, out of sheer boredom, is seeing how alyshya works under exalted rules
imagines it's either kinda pointless, or incredibly useful, depending on setting and GM
comes to virtues. ...yeah. not too many there.
looks at Siber blankly.
imagines Icefox as an Exalted character.
likes to put points in what the character is good at with less heed for mechanical advantage
somewhat tired and left his finger on the r while pondering
didn't say it was bad
picks up a level in Lunar on the side
stabs you.
probably deserves it
stabs people in the face.
considers, then gets out his flamethrower, starts at the north pole, and starts immolating the world by the square meter.
makes the Wikipedia page on nickel suck less.
is facing a critical sock shortage
ponders sinus cavity related mods
aslo wonders if plant allergies are much trouble in africa and/or the middle east
considers his latest fortress layout.
prods Icefox about Basementattics
stabs his web grades
misheard the cute engineer lady's "centers of rigidity" as "centers of virginity".
hates noisy fuckers
also thinks at some point she laid out some mildly rigid ground rules for his behaviour in the appartment.
also thinks she's got the forsight to include the provision that he can't open, destroy, move, or otherwise affect the door or walls.
is reducing 3 old Macs to parts
is sorta guessing no
stops hissing.
takes that to mean now is good?
is in the living room, having just been depoisted by AT, and has probably already electronicly coordinated with Mel to know where Beausabre is and what he's up to
participates in the electronic pleasentries, which is probably a field that is quite interseting to linguists, even as she heads off to the gun range
proceeds to the dojo and enters the range without bothering with protection
is at the gun range, fitting a magazine into a submachine gun as Settesa walks in. The floor is carpeted with brass, and the smell of cordite threatens overwhelm the fans. The range floor itself is littered with scrap of paper from demolished targets.
looks up as Settesa enters, and gives her a rather foul look. Beausabre is almost literally radiating a cloud of pissed off to anybody who can observe such things.
is surpised at the mood, but approaches anyway.
doesn't reply, but turns back down range and lets blast with the whole  magazine at one go, managing to get most of the burst into the target. He then turns back.
reconsiders her plan of attack
gets another magazine and reloads. He sounds a bit bitter. Just a bit.
turns back down range again, and repeats the performance. Brass rains down around him and Settesa. He turns around again to reload.
slams the magazine home, and lets blast before Settesa can speak.
waits in silence untill the mag runs out.
lowers the gun, and fishes for another magazine...and finds he's shot all his ready ammo. He throws the gun down on the bench.
seems moderately surpised
sounds illuminated
looks annoyed that somebody seems to be a bit more informed than he is.
rummages around in the bag for something else to make a loud noise with.
pulls a small hide-out gun from the bag, and glares at it. Not big enough.
also glares at Settesa.
sighs, and puts the leetle pistole back in the bag.
considers Settesa again.
pulls off his hearing protection, and slumps against the wall, then runs his hand through his hair.
barks a laugh.
looks up at her, finally showing something like interest.
withdraws a small data pad from a pocket
looks wary...but takes the data pad from Settesa.
scrolls through the list....nods to a few....
sounds a bit incredulous.
shakes his head, and continues to scroll through the list. He sees one, and taps the pad to expand its entry. He reads its contents with an expression of growing horror.
rolls her eyes. Thankfully Beausabre is fixated on the pad at the time.
reads from the pad:
looks freaked.
looks skeptical, but looks back to the pad. He reads the last line, and snorts.
hands the pad back.
scrolls back up the list, to the ones labeled longevity. He reads through those again.
sighs, and thumbs block that says "Accept All." He tosses the pad back to Settesa.
catches it
sighs and looks at Settesa.
regards Beausabre
regards her back!
unleans from the wall, starts putting things back into his range bag.
nods and puts the pad back away.
looks at the golden charm dangling from his wrist.
relates to Settesa the whole coconut milk thing.
shakes his head.
fingers his charm bracelet.
ponders, then shakes his head.
makes for the door again
turns back to finish putting his guns away.
nods, and departs
still sees CotBW as a bit Norse, but...
thought it might make sense. Former soldiers or others from the Blessed Isle fan out and make themselves kings of some out-of-the-way spot.
imagine Rain with the woman's hairstyle.
hands Starfyre some borscht
feeds it to icefox
starts making ALL KINDS OF NUMBERS appear over Icefox
is struck by a few mood.
locks himself in the INTERNET
is now trying to find a volcano on a haunted coastline
packs a lot of rock
slept in on a school day! fantastic.
imagines a bunch of solars drunk....and shudders.
strikes rock!
strikes Starfyre!
grins toothily.
produces GoreMaul (TM) Killomatic 3000.
falls over backwards from the weight of it.
whacks Beausabre with a rolled-up newspaper.
sits up.
looks for Latka
begins intensive rock block assembly
equips ten thousand pikemen as armor
quintuples Starfyre's health and provides no other real benefit.
would be more impressed with mac daily news if it's writers could spend ten minutes not fapping all over their shiny new macs to actually practice some basic journalistic integrity.
sets hate mode off
tests the emergency broadcast system?
tests the emergency Beausabre system?
closes to melee range
sets his phasor to "fisticuffs"
shakes AT's hand vigorously
shakes Starfyre's hand vigorously
wakes up.
nods again
was going to take some stabs at stuff
wonders if Icefox has a vote
hits up the wiki for pics
makes plans to build a server farm in international waters
never thought of that.
ponders abusing the system with pictures that aren't faces at all
has andromeda pics now, but they're in big collaeges
tries it
is now imaging Lopez from RvB whenever he types Lopez, which just... explode
returns to google
actually knows what that is, now.
BREATHES FIRE ALL OVER THIS MAP EDITOR
applies blur tool to compression artifacts
just shakes his head at Exalted.
double checks the control points
wishes you could look at the control points on an image in the archive
stabs everything
halved the price of valkyries and hawks
has a mad scheme!
begins digging to see if there are suitable Salaah and HumAT pictures
decides to see how well sketches and photos work
is back
isn't sure what else to say
still would substitute Cate Blanchett for Reese Witherspoon
changes gear on WoR.
is sorta looking for Kara or Settesa
lieks that last, particularly as a Fen.
can see Rain doing the "She's sooooo CYUUTE!" bit to that face rather easily.
is consider his last one for a Kara canidiate
will get back to you after he finishes getting pressganged
back for now
thinks visiting a town where a party member is worshiped would be... interesting
is considering that as a general trait of the abassadors
continues to mess with faces
wonders if the pads from his breif brush with an art class still exist
fires his gun randomly into the sky
tries starting up firefox again
is somewhat hunting for something that says Settesa
has made careful note of which powers charms are obvious, and which ones aren't.
thinks CotBW's plan is to gather as many small polities into an alliance as possible, building strength in numbers before seriously attempting to win over any larger groups
wishes it had multiple donors as an option
loads AT's
loads Siber's
goes at warp speed number one
is still loading
stares into the face of Sylvester Stallone+Zach Braff
is astounded by Starfyre's originality
is more astounded by the result
constructs a magma smelter in the kitchen
goes back to guild wars....
names CotBW's tiger Hercules?
begins simmering on custom animal handling charms
needs to mod M&B now
wanted artifact armor on the Liger
revises plans
supresses crude joke and moves on
is happy
needs to install that game.
did not realize what time it was.
looks for his missing "e".
likes the MC in armor behind a desk
notices books at the top right corners with a Z, Z, and 13 on the bindings
laughs maniacally!
is not sure if Starfyre has seen this, but it illustrates the concept: http://keychain.patternspider.net/
updates his background on WoR to include Intimacies and expand on some other things.
whaps Beausabre.
imagines AT in a locked room with a pair of jumper cables attached to the pheasant tails, powering the entire world.
declares his volcano imp free
begins operation denmark, and declares war on his most hated enemy. the sea!
wonders if anyone would take up Releyaraism in the long term
would expect an overdiety to have some overt worship somewhere, too, buut
assumes a decent amount of a god's power gets rolled back to benefit their worshippers in some way or another though.
considers the posibility that thier influence in the 'mortal plane' is considerably lesser than where Releyara comes from
finds a load of gold right in the middle of his prospective well.
shushes Siber
attempts to come up with a decent Exaltedoid name
leans towards Winger Razor
imagines ess 10, dex 10, melee 10 specialty 3 with infinite mastery
might be exagerating.
is quite curious to get WR's character sheet, BTW
spends Exp
can't wait till he has enough EXP to go over 3 dots in any ability
definetly considers having CotBW take up martial arts to teach the kitty
crafts in-character justifications
is so going to do it.
needs a new unsuspecting GM
wants a squid as a familiar in a sea campaign
tries to detect evil on the gazebo
pulls out his bow and shoots the gazebo.
awakens and eats you both
rolls up a fire mage
looks at his magic cards
can be no more helpful than AT
needs two weeks of training time and 4 exp to qualify
is attempting to grasp the mechanics of BTT
plots a travel plan straight through the Jade Throneroom
imagines a couple variations of that.
nominates Starfyre
likes the music more than the video in that case
decides to see if Photoshop is going to work today
fires up CFHoDEd
put the 15 on the ship, and it looks really wrong, but that's okay!
fires up HW2
fills it with booze.
tests theory
renames the texture files, reimports, and tries again, for lack of any better idea
has naught for numerical entry
stabs photobucket with a thousand burning shards of acid
is back
isn't kidding
gets toit
loads the game again
tries insanity
goes to export a working texture with glow to see WTF is up
goes on to the relicnews forums
is pondering that wrinkle
now uses different characters!
murdalizes Beausabre
mertilizes Beausabre
finds Beausabre in ze haus and sits on whatever he's doing. Unless it's food, in which case he picks it up and sits in its place.
ponders the sudden appearance of a dragon in human form on top of his shooting bag, which he was packing.
may be around.
grabs Sabre's cheeks and pulls in opposite directions
lets go
rubs his cheeks.
opens his mouth....then closes it.
bounces on the bag
sits back and thinks.
looks concerned and leans forward
ponders what AT means by that, then shrugs.
says, only half kidding...
is sort of grinning at AT when he said that.
scratches his head and slides off the guns
says finally
looks slyly at him
shakes his head.
shakes his head
opens his mouth, and looks at AT...then shuts his mouth.
sounds a bit ironic, yes he does.
shakes his head, frowning
brightens up
hops up and prepares to jet off
peeks into to his bag to see what the crunching sound was when AT sat on it.
is here! Probably!
fishes a pair of crushed safety glasses out of the shooting bag, and shakes his head.
still elsewhere
goes back to rearranging the interior of the bag.
((hits the FF button))
is enjoying a rare moment when she is not shooting and Sabre is
has a G36 out, and is busily dropping silhouette targets at 150 meters.
finishes off a magazine, and safeties the rifle.
arrives at around this time, pays, then gets a long case out of the mode of transport that got her there and regards the range with it's normal, average earth people.
twitches....and give Salaah a look.
smirks and passes a fresh magazine
takes the magazine, and decides to engage the 250 meter targets.
takes a deep breath, shuts the car, and marches towards the range, attempting to spot Beausabre amount them. Not that he should be hard to spot
is consistently putting 3-rd bursts into the silhouettes at 250 m, and pauses.
looks confused
spots the bright green hair and approaches!
shrugs elaborately.
starts at Shakti's arrival, as he's been facing downrange.
's face goes through a series of evolutions, from surprise, to happy, to guarded (oh, right , I'm mad at her)).
grins a little at his reaction
finds the last transition a bit bothersome, though
safes the weapon, puts it down, and turns to face her. He does relax and crack a smile a bit.
looks blankly at Beausabre
directs the last more to Salaah than Beausabre
looks to Beausabre, a flash of betrayal crossing her face
blinks, not entierly sure how to take that
sort of wonders what that's all about....
sort of blinks at Salaah.
nods hesitantly
eyes the long package
steps out of the way so Shakti can get up to the range.
hesitates again, still not completely sure what just happened, before taking Beausabre's vacated spot and opening up the case to expose her Siret-built rifle and a decent amount of ammunition
lifts it out and starts checking it over
looks at the rifle, and nods in agreement.
hands her the translator
looks at it uncomprehendingly
blinks again. Shakti, Salaah, and loaded weapons. Why does this not sound like a good idea?
blinks again...and really has no clue what to say.
shrugs and drops it her normal pocket, then loads her rifle and sights down range, figuring she ought to do what she came here for.
is smiling, as if at a joke
wonders where Salaah picked up this habit of talking trash.
selects some mid range targets, deactivates the safety equivlent, and firing
nods admiringly
is reasonably accurate, her weapon reasonably loud, and the backstop reasonably affected. It appears as though there's considerable recoil involved with the large rounds she's firing
is obliviously to the fact that the report probably looks and sounds somewhat novel to the well informed
is drawn, first by the loud noises, then by the unusual weapon, then by the fact that its a girl using it.
nods again
is also watching the action, when he notices that they're gathering a crowd
has her eyes on the crowd the whole time
is scanning it for a face.
runs her first clip dry with several bursts against the targets, then does a noticably rapid reload without leaving her shooting stance and starts picking another, farther target.
is in the first row of the crowd, watching Shakti and her new weapon very intently.
smiles at Mike and inclines her head at him
notices Salaah, and touches the brim of his baseball cap in acknowledgement, and goes back to watching Shakti and her unusual rifle at work.
is about to start firing again, but pauses
gestures to the crowd with his head.
turns her head to look at him... and freezes when she sees the crowd
gives a small smile to Shakti and Beausabre
takes the opportunity to step forward. The rest of crowd keeps respectful distance behind him. He's definitely alpha male on this beach.
seems to have frozen up, in fact.
is all casual like. "We're all friends here. Nothing suspicious going on here, nope."
stands and extends a hand
takes the hand and shakes.
has a tiny smirk that looks somewhat like sarcasm
flicks her eyes over the crowd, and Mike, then focuses back on her rifle for a second, safeing it and releasing the magazine, setting them both down
flicks a gaze to Shakti
turns back to Mike
turns to Shakti.
moves to keep between Mike and Shakti
blinks at this, but focuses on Salaah.
can be heard taking a deep breath before she turns to face Mike... and ends up facing Salaah's back
sort of looks at Salaah curiously, and glances over her shoulder at Shakti before answering.
barks laughter
covers her mouth
says, more reservedly
,for one of the rare moments in his life, is taken aback.
hesitantly steps out from behind Salaah, towards Beausabre and more or less into view
inclines her head, surreptitiously adjusting her cap
looks curisously at Beausabre...then nods at Shakti before leading Salaah down toward his station.
give Mike a little wave.
appears uncertain as to what to do now
turns to remainder of the crowd, which is sort of milling around now that they have lost their leader.
makes various shooing motions at the crowd.
departs, en masse.
has an inkling of a memory, and leans over to Beausabre once the crowd disperses mostly
looks sheepish... but seems to be relaxing a bit as the crowd receeds
turns, and throws a jacket over the rifle as he notices a couple of people with cameras trying to get a shot.
sincerely hopes this is the case, but figures he ought to mention this to Starfyre at the next opportunity.
doesn't seem in a hurry to get back to shooting.
leans her back against some handy post
scratches his head.
tries to figure out where to go next.
glances around somewhat selfconsiously for anyone that might be within listening as he speaks
would most people around are wearing hearing protection, which mostly prevents eavesdropping.
is still paranoid!
gives a small smile at this.
quirks her own half smile and shakes her head slightly
looks downrange to where Mike and Salaah are.
looks down at them too
is doing a reasonable job holding back her own talent and can be seen talking from time to time.
((wouldn't mind forcing some interaction bettwen Shakti and a local of some stripe before this wraps up))
wanders up from behind Beausabre. He's the rather fat individual from last time, wearing a red "2nd Amendment Is All We Need" T-shirt. He's heading down-range when he sees Sabre.
turns, and conceals a wince.
clams back up, at least for the instant, as John enters the coversation
shakes hands with John, who then notices Shakti.
extends his hand to Shakti.
takes the hand after a moment's hesitation, and goes a little overboard on the grip as she shakes it. She's somewhat terse as she speaks.
's eyes goes wide at her grip, and he massages his hand as she lets go.
manages to restrain his eye-rolling impulse at John's circumlocution.
turns back to Shakti.
says, as he looks down. the wind has blown 'sabre's jacket off Shakti's rifle.
looks at the rifle interestedly.
blinks, and attempts to find the source of the difference, and soon spots the revealed weapon.
makes a move toward the weapon, and if unimpeaded picks it up and begins putting it in the case
blinks as Shakti picks the weapon up and packs it away.
clearly wants to ask more questions.
settles it in it's foam cradle and shuts the case
hints strongly.
nods to them both and heads down for a shooting station.
latches the case, then leans over towards Beausabre again
is listening intently to something Mike is saying as they make their way back to SnS?
nods sagely
indicates Sabre and Shakti
indicates the rifle
extends a hand to Shakti.
has put the rifle back in the case and closed it, but...
looks disappointed that it's been put away.
takes the hand and shakes, not quite doing the bone crunching again
extends a hand to Mike
fishes a card out of his wallet and extends it to Shakti.
takse the card
nods...and turns to Sabre.
waves at Mike, and Mike departs, with a backwards glance at Salaah. Or maybe Shakti. Or maybe the rifle case.
gives a small wave to him.
starts putting things back into his range bag.
hands it over without protest
picks up the case
nearly chokes at the "escort" line.
nearly walks into a column supporting the overhead cover at that one.
appears to be coughing, or maybe laughing. It's hard to tell since he's doubled over.
doesn't comment, exactly, but somewhat selfconsiously runs a hand over her close cut hair
checks for observers, thinks that it is clear, and runs her hand under her cap, surreptitiously scratching at one of her implants briefly.
manages to finally get some air.
is heading for the car.
arches an eyebrow at Beausabre
turns to Shakti
hums as he pops the trunk.
stops doing what he's doing, and turns. A bit concerned about the tone of the conversation.
said that in an utterly non challenging, conversational way
wonders if Salaah has the wrong idiom
shoots a grin at Beausabre
starts laughing.
glances from where they're gathered to where she parked
is quite emphatic on that first part
waves her hand
strikes out for her car
can't see starting without Fen
checks everyone's pulse
ties everyone's shoelaces together
beleives he should be fired from a giant cannon
steps up and falls on his face
beleives so
is including el Siber and el Starfyre
liked the early speculation that the Dread was a Bentusi warship.
simply mines goblins
hands Icefox a mining dwarf and some doors
ponders cover stories
always trains his dwarves as wrestlers before handing them weapons
imports CLOTH.
builds some hasty walls.
builds walls anyway, just so they never, ever accidentally get opened.
gets a pitchfork!
pushes 'Sabre into a pond
electroprods Sabre
is electrocuted, seeing as how Mjolnir threw him into the pond.
drags Beausabre out of the pond before he drowns
hugs AT.
is showing up!
takes Starfyre's "r's"
eats an "r"
shakes his fist at schwatz
just got to see pictures of his father 27 years ago
waves at Schwatz.
is moderately unsettled
steals Beausabrre's "e's" and gives one to Stafue.
give Stafue back an "r"
steals a 'z' from Schwaetz and a 't' from Staerfye
swaps Bauszabrrt's and Schwaet's b's and h's
explodes in a shower of vowels
dumps alphabet soup on Starfyre.
punches the reset button.
hands Hauszabrrt "B"
boots Siber into the pond.
shoves Beausabre in to.
hides the extra letters for later use.
laughs as he exits the pond.
is there
thwaps with CotBW.
wraps up the screenshot spree and gets down to buisness
has been packing shit up and is considerably less formally garbed
arrives at the mansion of Cerin's mentor the next morning, dressed for travel and carrying a pack. She does not look happy.
shuts up at WoR showing up
blinks at Lady Fen's method of address, which is bit of an insult in the South, and redoubles her scowl.
is unamused, but sits down and swipes an apple from the table.
says between bites of apple.
picks up a tableknife. Is it made out of iron?
looks at Fen levelly.
is looking pleasant!
makes fluttering motions with her hands.
turns to Child
shrugs and doesn't object to the plan
produces a supply of money and sets it aside, standing
is addressing pretty much LA DEE DA DEE EVERBODY there
makes plans to go over the wall tonight and check horses.
looks at Child.
looks at Wings?
gets up and gestures at her pack.
looks at Cerin, as it's his mentor
is watching the wall?
bets that the "guy he might know" is probably a relative
bows politely and leaves the man to his business
spends the day with CotBW, watching the house and pumping him for information about the group.
you may also note, seems to be constantly eating something.
is pretty reluctant to spill too much, though he gives a very general background of himself and Fen. Very evasive on the other two
enters, dragging CotBW behind her. She flops down on the couch and relates what she saw in the stable after snagging some more fruit from the table.
, the one-woman crime-wave, raises her hand!
needs to pay slightly more attention
thinks. Was there a gate in the rear wall of the mansion compound?
got 3
thwaps GMFox.
reconsiders the whole afair
grimaces at the idea of camping out. She's a city girl, and she's already walked to Latka once.
organizes some poor begger / peddler clothes for them.
douses Starfyre in lanthanum hexaboride paint
gets an odd look
((hands WoR a working / key))
follows along with them, shaking her head most of the way. She manages to get her orichalcum bracers out and puts them on under her jacket without being seen.
is looking
is training dex!
has about 8 banked exp
feels the support of the entire community, oh yes!
dies a little inside
kills it with fire
dies a little inside.
dies more inside
experiments on pumping aquifers free
floods part of his base with magma
is attempting to mess with the LODS
runs around spreading fires.
merely curious
is in the middle of dinnerifying
installs a 3500 HP in the House beater car.
did think printer the first time
is sure he's had this reaction before, but damn
has successfully sealed off the volcanic entrance. now on to getting the existing lava out
begins the slow process of demagmaing his fort
ponders Shakti perhaps bugging Starfyre about this whole cover story idea, but has the problem that she may not really care
can see Starfyre stomping into the living room, holding a print form the internet showing 'sabre, Shakti and Salaah and the gun in question.
ponders stuff
is off doing stuff, somewheres. Not here. Or there. Alas.
mostly assumed that would be the case
has fucking goblins eberywhere that are just standing around and waiting for migrants!
shifts into character?
is leaning over Starfyre's shoulder, giving him advice on his computer game.
watches half a dozen recruits swarm one goblin, smiles, and sets mode + character
knocks on the door to Starfyre's abode, carrying a large long case
pauses, and turns to shakti
sets the case down on any handy flat surface
starts opening it
pops it open to reveal her Siret built gun
seems sheepish
peers at the gun, then produces a camera and takes a few photos of it.
puts the camera away and smiles innocently.
offers Shakti a strawberry.
takes the strawberry
relaxes a bit
is deep in thought.
blinks, jolted out of his reverie.
mutters something about "moon unit"
digs into her pocket and digs out... a third of a birth certificate and driver's lisence and some simliarly damaged insurance paperwork
waits for it....
supposes he ought to actually come up with the cover story so he won't have to wing it some time
is learning amazing things about modern hardware from a Real Game Developer.
sheds another 44 faces
assumes that's bad, or at least irritating
checks youtube
likes it already so far
punches OpenGL textures in the fac.e
points to his above question?
knows the feeling
is looking through the avatars on the Relic News boards
recalls the community outcry at the box art
fires up Wings
will have his pit trap!
prepares to mine for goblins
turns back the sea with lava
just sets about learning C#, then.
wonders how the trained millitary population on the mothership and in the cryo trays compared to the final fleet size at the end of HW1
recomends a wholey underground setup
is safely ensconced underground
begins operation I need a damn well
has no clue
pops it in
attempts to resist the lure of Dwarf Fortress
starts Project Well before winter sets in.
hopes he's looking for this underground river in the right place, as well
isn't sure he wants to start here
jsut sorta waits for the whole thing to flood, since the two good bottlenecks didn't get closed off in time.
, perfectionist.
orders doors by the score
makes plans for a sort of grabage tower
menaces icefox with spikes of basalt
is continually amazed by the rate furniture stockpiles fill
says, from an XP box.
isn't sure he wants to know what goes in to making dwarven cheese
finds himself contemplating cuisine from sufficently alien human cultures.
shins Beausabre
fixes bayonets and prods AT.
bleeds on Beausabre
is in Florida. West Palm Beach.
freeze florida
freeze Starfyre
is very very cold.
considers moving the navy stuff to the Higaarans page
reads and will summarize
builds walls accordingly
begins mass anvil production
barricades himself into a corner with walls
takes his peasants and turns on every job
is struck by a fell mood!
gives a hearty bellow, and hauls AT off to the kitchen
crafts "Imargha, the Passion of Barrels", an AT-bone coffer. All craftsmanship is of the highest quality. The item is encircled with bands of linoleum. The Item menaces with spikes of AT.
attacks Starfyre with a fully automatic staplegun
defends Starfyre with a fully aotumatic toaster oven.
ponders fell beasts and treasure
ponders stuff
thinks some manner of fish out of water with salaah would be interesting.
is curious
honestly can't rember them all off the top of his head, but will look
checks Beausabre for signs of life
loads and fires his rocket launcher
loads blaster launcher.
denies everything!
retroactively blames Starfyre for the Cambrian extinction
takes a deep breath, and taps on salaah's door.
shuffle scruffle puffle put things away...
activates a recently-installed terminal on her side of the door to look, then says, cautiously...
waits a beat
tries the doorknob
probably comes in, if nothing stops her
is waiting on the other side of the door, wearing a towel as a skirt and something between a tank top and sports bra
arches an eyebrow
is humanform, btw.
looks perplexed for a second, then tired
looks expectant, as this in her eyes refutes Anakah's prior statement
coughs and mutters something about misunderstandings
says, letting it pass
attempts to throw a bit of cheer in at the end.
looks hopeful
((hands Mjolnir some spaces so that the URLs get parsed properly))
nods firmly, though it sounds like she's reaching a bit
immediately says
ignores Mjolnir
looks maybe a bit embarrassed.
looks down
goes to one of the piles of clothes on the floor and roots around for a skirt
replaces the towel with the real skirt
puts a cap on
frowns at it, then takes it off, ties her hair in a bun, and puts a bandanna on.
leads on!
sets a rapid course for the nearest movie theater
looks wierded out
is warily watching any and all passersby for false moves
approaches the theater proper
adjusts her bandana
thinks for a moment
stops and admires the ticket counter
looks at Anakah
gets in line and slowly moves towards the counter behind whoever's in front of them
is queuing too
thinks real hard for a bit
seems a little baffled herself
looks expectantly at Anakah. They have reached the desk.
goes through the whole song and dance of ticket ordering, and forks over a decent amount of cash
aquires tickets (2)
hands salaah a ticket
takes it and looks at it funny
heads towards the snack counter
thrusts her ticket at the hapless lad, then storms over to the snacks counter
address the snack counter
ticks stuff off while glaring at the price board
skids to a stop
turns to Anakah
puts on fresh popcorn, refills the ice machine, and breaks open a case of theater boxes as anakah considers
leaps into action!
aims this at salaah
quickly provides the requested food, at an appropriately exorbinant price
has a note of panic enter her voice
almost hides the grin
looks for a distraction!
looks a little nervous
checks the stub
says, dubiously, heading into the theater...
builds a kenel
built his stockpiles in sand
strikes copper, by accident!
holds up a chunk of kaolinite hopefully.
's fortress is black. Black as a witch's heart.
is not going to the Cascade mountains this summer.  ;_;
has now flooded his well and resivour
trades everything of value in his fort
uses the most rigorous of investigative techniques when applying for jobs.
derives a surpising amount of enjoyment in Dwarf Fortress just digging out the walls and seeing what's behind them
stabs Microsoft in the eyeballs.
has struck chalcedony!
now has 527 meals stockpiled for 52 dwarves
cancles meal production and builds another still
ponders HW@ fluff
has somewhat been trending towards basing the names off of the old names at least as a starting point
likes Necessity for repair corvettes
breifly entertains Atlatl ICFs
is peppering proto-fluff(names) in the wiki
casts about for words
doesn't remeber?
stabs Icefox
chose an axe first
has something with spikes of pigtail
gets 20 immigrants.
always enjoys the Pax intro
will have to meditate more on the ICF name
is going to watch when he is at home
wedgies AT .
hasn't got any.
laughs maniacally.
thikns you should make quagma bombs.
thinks Sabre should make like a tree... and get out of town.
fails at civil aviation identification.
zooms off, making airplane noises.
wonders if he can tunnel into the frozen river
mines a bit more ice to build stuff underground with
builds some indoor ice walls
had accidentally scrolled up a line and missed everything that was said since
loves this song
orders one deconstructed
closes DF
opens it
looks at it on the UV
does battle with dialup flashbacks
wonders how many units you could get going smoothly if you decided to go really low graphics
switches models without saving and picks about 27 faces back up
just looked at the HWShipyards Headshot roid page
needs to build an ice magma forge someday.
was just looking at that
slaps Icefox around a bit with a large trout
imagines they're thawing the ones with military experience first.
wonders if he can get away with a Kushan named Dave
is meserized
saw this tan lightning bolt whiz down a corridor
begins conscription of the pump corp.
notes that a superdwarvenly tough recruit is also a lot less vulnerable to sparring accidents
has seven dead goblins in a pit trap
, vexed, and annoyed, goes to bed.
imbides caffiene
hugs Siber.
knows there was something in some work of fiction with an audible element that used the phrase 'message ends' repeatedly
isn't sure himself either.
concocts plans for putting a ballista on a wagon, and building iron walls around it
imagines a slow-moving structure covered with weapon traps.
hates @ a HW2 modder
thinks it's going rather well
says, joculalarly
detonates from the silence.
explodes sympatheticly
asks, piecemeal.
wishes Dokutsu would work properly on his soundcard
ponders Salaah or Marri having an encounter with the rhinovirus.
ponders Kara's immune system
lights Beausabre on fire.
is too busy to answer, as he is on fire and screaming.
gets out the extinguisher and covers Beausabre in foam.
collapses in a slimy, foamy heap.
considers for a moment, then adds a drizzle of chocolate sauce and a cherry.
fears the next peace offering from Icefox to Shakti, Arehtusa, Neinzil, or whoever.
gurgles something from under the mound of extinguishant.
hoses Beausabre off
spits out white foam.
ponders Awareness charms.
ponders seers and visits and scheduals
ponders how Deirdre would react to Shakti.
loads the "dividing by zero" image and breaks
points to Siber
shakes his head
attempts to dislodge said pronunciation with a baseball bat.
thinks he frequently used 'baeusaber' in the early days
isn't sure those are helpful
punches Beausabre in the face
gives Beausabre a puppy?
looks like that when he schemes. Honest.
wants his Claw back
roots through his folders
awaits AT's return
sighs and closes his other chat window
still, imagines 2 DD's and 2 squadrons of corvettes running around fucking shit up.
also hates his coworkers with a burning passion
has a botched escape attempt and runs into a wall.
catches five goblin spearmen in a pit trap!
catches nine goblin archers with the same pit trap!
greatly approves of his new pit trap
wouldn't be surprised if the check bounced on top of everything else.
realizes that he forgot a way to retrieve the bodies from the goblin death pit.
is less than thrilled.
has his first champion!
gains a second champion
donates blood down to 1 hit point, so he can buy 35 razor blades in trade goods.
ponders destroyers vs ICFs
offers AT a Meisterbrau.
puts a very early corvette turret in the pot
raises his hand
Solid Snake exclamation point
looks innocent.
gives Icefox the look.
hugs Siber gives to
just scaled up to 1505
returns, with beef goulash.
eyes the goulash warily.
tries it.
makes do with crackers.
makes plans to include more hypothetical geological features in stuff and bug Icefox with them.
drops large chunks of rock on top of Siber.
thinks he gained some confidince in that process with the corvette
washes his mind out with bleach.
dies of remote sensing.
says, akin to Buzz Lightyear
calmly lays a hand on his automatic shotgun holster
points a blinky LED at AT's face.
draws and rips off a long burst
fucking dies
gives Siber his spare Ring Of Life3
comes back!
ponders what other questions are possible, and what they would say about the askers
considers elder races.
ponders the Grand Scheme of Things
does the same thing with Kara and Settesa without meaning to
puts it on the list of ways to make Deirdre's life more difficult
sorta likes the Babylon 5 elder races.
thinks living next to the assemby might be a bit like living near the more crazy middle eastern countries in some ways
thinks the local galactic scene is all over the place on rights of all sorts
thought maybe
is loading gmail now
is somewhat leaning to he left
was of the thought that the more pale look would befit the somewhat artic environs
imagines that could sound wrong in the wrong context.
was completely surpised at the time.
thinks Starfyre needs to check his memos
has the dragon posted as a front gate sentry
is a great fan of the long entryway
is hoping for a strange mood to come along and give him a legendary armorer
still is left leaning in this case, though the eyebrows argue for the right
goes back to dwarf fortress
appreciates Ten Winds' paranoia.
throws wet rocks at his dwarves
makes a note to never let Siber run his rental properties.
watches the video
imagines an encounter with a cat
creates a robot to deliver wedgies to them that deserve it.
is wedgied immediately.
ponders possible stuff...
's home looms out of the darkness of the overgrown scrub forest it is hidden in, looking like a right proper haunted house.
pops into existance outside of Deirdre's home, some distance from the steps, with Arethusa at her side. The two exchange words for a moment before Arethusa gives Shakti a little push towards the door and then vanishes
hesitates again, then grips the leather satchel slung over her shoulder and approaches the imposing door
is standing in the entryway of the house as the door swings open by itself as Shakti steps onto the porch.
suddenly stops, and freezes as she realizes who is standing on the porch...but recovers quickly.
appears to flounder nerviously for a moment before regaining her wits
seems somewhat unsure about how to proceed as well.
hesitates again, then extends her hand as if for a shake.
hesitates for a moment, then gingerly takes the offered hand.
quite certainly doesn't use the crusher grip this time
looks at the bag she's carrying....and her eyes widen a bit as she "sees" it.
steps aside, and gestures for Shakti to enter.
relaxes a hair and takes the invitation
leads the way through the house into the library, where she goes to a large table and gestures. A tablecloth flies through the air and lands on the table, followed by a slightly smaller, somewhat stained cloth. She gestures for Shakti to put the bag on the table.
unslings the bag and sets it on the table with some care
gestures again, and a pair of grey kidgloves appear on her hands, and she smiles slightly at this display.
starts reaching into the bag, and pulling out the objects. The first thing she pulls out is one of the small wreaths. This she examines with interest, even lifting it to her nose and smelling it.
puts it aside, and pulls out a couple more, which she sets aside in an even row.
grimaces at the memory.
picks up one of the wreaths and holds it between her hands and closes her eyes.
's eyes pop open.
looks alarmed
looks at the wreath with a faint expression of disgust.
sets the small wreath aside, and curiously pulls out the larger wreath.
pulls the wreath out and holds it in both hands, her face puzzled.
looks at Shakti.
turns her attention back to the wreath.
peers at the wreath a bit cross-eyed.
holds it up, framing Shakti's face through the center.
gestures with one hand.
probably isn't capable of picking out what she's after without it being pointed out, but has an idea
is still still holding the wreath up and looking through it at Shakti, with a look of concentration on her face...when suddenly she recognizes the aura...and her face freezes.
puts the wreath aside, and sets it on the table. She doesn't answer.
tries to say something...then clears her throat and tries again.
pauses, and puts her hand on the wreath again.
smiles despite herself.
starts pulling out a variety of small bags out of the satchel.
pulls out a bag that has a small doll-like figure attached to it. She looks at both curiously.
sniffs the bag.
looks at the doll and the bag...then up at Shakti. She has a sort of "Oh...please. I've been doing this for quite awhile, thank you very much" look on her face.
shrugs a bit uncomfortably
looks at the tag....then flips it upside down and tries again.
raises an eyebrow.
holds out her hand
hands the bag over.
squints and tilts her head sideways
's face lights up.
holds up the little doll.
considers the doll.
looks sincerely puzzled.
puts the bag aside, and picks up another one.
feels the bag, then gently sniffs it an peers at it. It rustles as if full of something dried. She opens it and peer as the interior. It looks like its full of tea leaves.
takes a finger tip and dips into the mix, and touches it to her lips.
holds the bag out to Shakti.
mutters "The trade alphabet is supposed to be hard to screw up..."
closes the bag and sets it aside.
picks up another one. It looks like the other one, but has a definite earthy smell to it. Deirdre tastes it again, and her eyes open.
does not appear comforted
looks at the tag dubiously, then shakes her head.
considers this as she picks up another bag.
shakes her head and considers the bag she has in her hands. It smells of mint. Deirdre starts to take a sniff...
starts to look skeptical...then takes a good look at the bag.
gets wrapped up in her examination.
shakes herself out finally.
shrugs, and puts it aside.
picks up the other bags, and feels them. She opens them both, and they contain seeds of different kinds.
picks up one, and tastes it, and makes a face.
has to spit...in a lady-like fashion of course.
makes a face.
supresses a chuckle as best she can
tries to give Shakti a look...but relents.
looks at the other batch of seeds and decides not to try them.
leans forward
tilts her head to the side
is un-illuminated.
hesitates, then nods
has a bit of a smile.
nods again
nods again, and gestures. A formation of small glass jars alights on the table, and Deirdre takes samples of each of the bags and puts into them, using a fountain pen to neatly label each tag with some arcane symbols.
also keeps the small doll, one of the small wreaths and the larger wreath. She puts the rest into satchel again.
starts to fidget as Deirdre appears to be getting close to done
sets the satchel on the table, and looks at Shakti.
's face closes a bit.
shakes her head
nods. "Go ahead."
has to pause again before continuing
seems very uncertain about the question
blinks....and then sees a chance to turn the tables. She has a sly smile.
awaits enlightenment!
dithers for a time
crosses her arms and grants Shakti no mercy!
stares at Shakti....and then bursts out laughing.
was not expecting this
stops laughing and has to sit down.
actually blushes at the declaration of her knowing him well
says sadly.
sounds like she's having a suspicion confirmed
sits down too, noding mutely
smiles at Shakti's mention.
smiles, and fails to elaborate further.
sits up a good deal straighter in her chair, alarmed, but then thinks about why he got the sword on Cynosure and nods slowly
nods mutely.
is on the verge of asking what things, but feels that might be overstepping
looks mock angry.
laughs, somewhat nervously
looks at Shakti if a frankly assessing manner.
seems uneasy under this inspection
sits up straighter.
starts to stand
gets up as well.
reaches out and takes up the leather bag again
leads her to the door.
pauses, unsure what exactly she means by that.
merely smiles as the door swings shut behind Shakti.
ponders if Exalted has dual-sword styles.
poitns at the goblins
tries some other styles
not so sure
goes off tengentally
attempts to counterattack on the weirdness
is once again in search of Kara
has held down worse jobs, though
will keep that in mind
is sure it's a very nice language
catches breath.
of course assumes that something goes wrong while mothballing the sphere. something always has to.
casts detect sarcasm
could easily see someone doing that, though. For all the right, or wrong, reasons.
is thinking of curveballs
knows the feeling
scrolls down.
assumes the event being planned is a dark and terrible secret
looks forward to it
was continuing the search for Kara
fiddles in photoshop
ponders the results of a curious Siret tasting "Show!"
has a most unholy combination. Flux and a volcano.
puts earmuffs on the present Starfyre
suddenly has an image of an Abyssal with one of those reflectors trying to get a tan.
agress, not bad.
wonders: any chance you could do the render with Fen's face looking straight toward the viewer?
refrains from comment.
gives Schwartz an Ethernet isolation transformer to console him
passes it back
heat-guns the core
randomnly blurbs out an obscure reference
wishes Beausabre luck in getting the stars to align
would like to have Rylah do anything sometime.
dismantles a toaster on the dinning room table and leaves.
reassembles the toaster, sets it on the floor, and gets out of the way as it follows Rylah
puts Mjolnir's parts in a bag for easy access for the healer involved.
takes the bag, dumps in a large bottle of superglue, shakes vigorously, and empties the bag into a box.
observes the pieces.
oozes a bit before the glue sets
suspsects Schwartz is procrastinating due to bad weather
's jaw drops....
puts a sign that reads "Danger: Critic" in front of Mjolnir's house.
isn't running iTunes currently.
is back
goes back to de-fenestration.
mostly agrees
is busy studying as usual
can work with that solo, probably, if nessisary
advances on Salaah's place of study
is in her room
knocks gently
cracks the door open and steps in
deactivates the computer she was working at and closes a book
turns in her chair to face him
raises her eyebrows
looks somewhat suspicious, but more amused
waves that away
nods sagely
sounds intersted
sits down, if there is an available seat
says, as if that explains everything
thinks a moment
waits expectantly
leans back and looks decidedly schoolteachery
looks miffed
frowns and punches his shoulder
is now known as Siber
thinks he has a decent unwrapping for the turret itself
will try anyway. Because hey, maybe it will work.
fetches dinner
never summoned up the will to read past the first.
remembers when puff daddy issued a public apology for introducing the word f'shizzle into the english language.
thinks it would be worth it. just to see an english major self-destruct
mines for volcanos
breathes a sigh of relief
considers how in heck he's gonna regain access to his well
isn't quite sure how that worked out, but it did
has no taste in music!
ponders advanced magic use in a stone-age setting
notes the alleged involvement of Anonymous.
finds Mjolnir's proposal just sickeningly plausible enough.
likes it
still likes 'space fiction' for a lot of things
contemplates giving Fen some facial piercings.
would find it mildly cool to have all the turrets rather standardized, but isn't going to make much fuss over it
ponders the link between modern face piercing and the availability of stainless steel.
envisions Beausabre in Captain Falcon's outfit
doesn't get the reference.
imagines the tiger eyeing that dangly thing while they are walking.
will keep that turret in mind
ponders Awareness charms
starts setting it up
says as he slips on his smashfists
is amused by five people ambushing 13
has slipped away from the rest of the group in order to stay "out of the way" but takes the opportunity to put on her bracers and razor claws.
notices two Gobwin 1s
is looking up a couple charms
steps forward and activates Solar Hero Form
senses an equine beheading?
may have to pull out his combo
would be sicking the tiger on the gobwins if there were stats for it.
((has mastered basic math!))
prepares to get chewed up!
kills George
will never believe anything icefox says ever again, ever....
doges their clumsy attacks, and plans to on the offensive!
says, while delivering a flurry of glowy knife-jabs to hobbo 3
makes a note to add some excellencies, dammit.
snarls as the hobgoblin slips out of her grasp (arm slime, ick!) and pursues. she flurries her target with all the frustration she feels at being trapped in this hare-brained battle.
makes a point to start stunting it up
would like to keep going, yes.
activates one weapon, two blows, and flurries guards 1 and 3 again
needs a primer on the rules of mind control!
steps away from the guard she was about to eviscerate, but keeps her back away from them.
interrupts with a thrown knife
saves up for a truly mighty stunt.
has totemic anima banner going on now
got no kills.
is back
releases an immense bird
ponders the statstical chance that AT has never ended up in a situation that pushes him in the directions he's going now, leading him to mothball the sphere.
wonders how much of the past 100000 years AT has slept through
makes a note to install handles and belt hooks on missiles, just in case he ever has to do such a thing
hooks siber's underwear to one such missile, and fires.
can totally see Mjolnir firing himself on a large missile as a way to escape a dying ship. But not catching one in mid-air.
further makes a note to make the riding apparatus on those missiles/torpedos that can't be throttled down to survivable accelerations very distinctly marked. People he doesn't like get those.
is somewhere basemented, ready to spring free at a moment's notice
is up in his...er, her room, looking through the information gathered on that trip to the Divide again, trying to make some more sense of it.
cracks the door to the basement open, and after verifying that everything is clear, steps out
looks up from the table at Releyara as the door opens.
gives Beausabrette a bit of an odd look
smiles at her.
gestures at the pile of paper and holographic windows on the table.
looks curiously at it
is looking at it too, rather sourly.
looks a bit wary, but nods.
claims a seat and steeples her fingers
crosses her arms, and sits back in the chair, and tries to remember.
nods, pulls out a small journal, and starts scribbling
leans forward, and tries to remember.
looks annoyed
stands up and shoves the journal into nowhere
stands up and closes the holographic windows, and stacks the paper, and puts on sign on it that says "AT - Don't TOUCH!".
gets up and motions for Releyara to proceed.
leads beausabrette into the basement, and down a unobtrusive corridor. There's a faint, bone-deep buzzing suffusing the area.
looks around curiously. She can clearly hear the buzzing. "What's the noise?"
says somewhat guiltily, as she remembers her discussion with AT.
turns a corner or two, and eventually comes to a bland, boring door. There are a couple bins next to it, and a panel in an alien language.
removes the gold charm bracelet AT gave her.
points at the bin
puts it into one of the bins.
opens the door and steps through, and the magical buzzing stops, as if chopped off by an axe
looks around as she enters.
walks towards one of the cabinets
undoes an old-fashioned padlock, and pulls the chest open. Sorrow's sword rests inside, on a fairly nice velvet stand.
eyes the sword with mixed emotions.
mutters something that sounds like a spell, and steps back a bit.
reaches into the cabinet as Releyara steps back. her face is tense as she reaches in and touches the sword....
exhales loudly as nothing happens. She draws the sword out of the drawer and holds it up to the light, then steps away from the cabinet and table+
then executes a set of fast passes and complicated flourishes with the sword, ending with tossing it into the air, catching the hilt as it falls, and then reversing the sword and presenting it over her arm to Releyara.
takes the hilt and eases the sword out of beausabrette's grasp
grins coldly
grins back.
looks at the sword in the cabinet.
places the sword back into the cabinet
makes a disgusted face
raises an eyebrow at that comment.
sighs, and smiles at beausabrette's response
sounds intrigued
pauses...starting to regret this impulse.
stops, biting back whatever sharp words she started to say
makes no comment!
isn't saying anything!
nods. Still not saying anything!
trails off, staring into space
mutters something
takes it, and reads it
((is aware))
stifles a giggle
is not reassured!
doesn't stifle that giggle
waves the card at Beausabrette
blurts that last out.
considers, and reads the card again
turns more thoughtful
takes the card back. "I think I'll go see him, alone, first. And I sort of want to get out and stretch my legs anyway. Kiani sounds like an interesting place."
shakes herself
just had an idea.
is sure the plan is mainly "Never ever get in a situation where you have to shoot at them."
pulls out a notepad and writes down that Starfyre is the only one that said anything.
wonders when in blazes he's going to get immigrants
is in pajamas and furry slippers.
is peeved
isn't complaining or anything.
did look them up the other day
does note that his stats could afford to be a bit better, and will be buffing them as experience allows
thought you did okay
was done anyway
was very happy for his artifact armor that fight.
is aware.
still really doesn't know what was going on with those compassion rolls
found a mod tool
hits a guy with a grand daiklave
menaces with spikes of cotton
double checks
has too.
saves up cigarettes to buy a bulldozer.
begins construction of his outer defenses.
hopes the elves have wood
starts mining goblins for iron
watches stupid dwarves charge into the teeth of goblin bowmen to steal socks
the optimist.
considers it a proper thinning of the herd
knows of cheeses that are harder
finds it interesting that silver and iron are worth the same
could understand silver and steel, but silver and iron seems a bit off.
thinks this is a bit low-key painwise, but probably because he's doing a bit more research for revising the amputation scene in Scattered
is overwhelmed
sees nothing wrong with an int 4 tiger
choses his lake area this time to avoid crashing the ceiling in on his main residential area
can't imagine why
begins an underground tree farm
has 150 drinks and 330 meals stocked
starts the nobility housing district
sieges Icefox
activates the pressure-plate triggered drawbridge.
plummets to his doom!
waits for Beausabre to walk over the pressure plate attached to the drawbridge over the lava-moat.
mounts Siber on a Dire Tortoise.
imagines a guy firing pistols, holywood style, form the back of a giant lopeing tortoise
makes the guy on the back Beausabre, just for fun.
stabs homework in the face.
makes plans to wall off the river outlet next time it freezes to ensure it refills faster
watches a legendary miner engage en entire goblin squad and drives them before him
is definetly going to damn off the river when witner comes... with walls of ice.
considers the challenges of three quarters of the map being ocean
stabs his planetary geology homework.
turns off temperature, to see the game effects
prepares to dam his underground river
watches Dark Beings From Beyond rise from his planetary geo assignment.
ponders if he has any way to take advantage of the Starfyre presence
doesn't know.
hates stupid, stupid dwarves
plans to give his dwarves one-square bedrooms in his next fort
has no respect for his dwarves
turns all tasks on for all dwarves
ponders stuff
throws a pie at Beausabre, puts a matching pie in Siber's hand and a stack of extras on a nearby counter, and vanishes.
turns and regards Siber...and the pies.
looks innocent?
pulls out "Math".
tosses him "Math".
catches it
walks over to siber, and bops him lightly on the forehead with it
cries out and falls over melodramaticly
walks over to the pies, takes one, and drops it, filling first, on Siber's face while he's down.
peels it off
stands up and picks up a pie
lobs it starfward
uses math to bat the pie away, and fails!
picks up another pie!
falls into position
still throws for the head.
connects with the pie with a mighty swing!
ducks to avoid flying curmpled pieplate
is not so lucky!
appears behind Starfyre, and hover ominously.
holds up a sign that says "Oh, yes he is...."
vanishes the sign.
heads towards the closet
acquires <flrbffer>
reveals a holographic model showing the mile-high tower....which is dwarfed by the massive subterranean dome built deep underground.
plots a timeline.
radiates innocence!
dissipates the model.
vanishes in a swirl of bubbles with that observation.
enters from the rear door.
((thinks we're more or less done?))
likes to think of that as the planes talking, not the pilots
needs to get back to work on Scattered
has done research on amputations!
cackles evilly and rubs his hands together.
does fully expect to be totally outclassed at some point
considers...and invests in a life insurance policy.
thinks it's because he manufactures bins by the score
mines for evil!
just did
begins filling the moat!
wonders if he'll get ice walls in the under water areas that are already full of stone
ponders that an AI with a transmitable disease might be singificantly more ostricisized than a human with one
stabs Siber
is so very happy iron is magma-proof
still gets a kick out of the idea of the Loud Bastard gettin gthreatened by wolverine
delivers a mighty fire kick to Be
delivers a mighty fire kick to Beausabre
sails away over the horizon.
makes a disgusted noise.
has a new playlist now
killed eight swordfighters in two turns
unleashes the fetching horde
is slower than a schoolbus full of downs syndrome kids on the special olympics
can make the horse more awesome
shoots ion beams at Siber
follows it up with energy cannon blasts
needs more motes!
opens his character sheet to be sure
is tempted to leap into modling some portions.
sends Starfyre to investigate the potato shortage in iowa
likes these large, symettrical warships.
woulda done it anyhow
ponders sneaking in a hero AMS unit with some name derivitave of 'arnold'
has a thought on AIs!
imagines the army drafting Photoshop to fight in Iraq
considers the similarities between Photoshop and MS Word.
pooh poohs
pings the local waters.
is reading boatmurdered
recruits everyone, and smashes a few goblins.
is glad his fort is free of elephants
doesn't seem to have a mouse anymore
enjoys how flooding the world with lava didn't stop the elephant hordes
deploys April Fools joke.
considers writing everything he needs in C, forever, out of spite.
throws a grenade at him.
requests a link from Icefox
contemplates alternative Dwarf Fortress workshop designs.
indicates the usage map
is unwrapping the CT
may steal it for AT
nudges Siber with a cattle prod.
is overwhelmed
expires from teh_cute.
is jazzed
trips AT as he enters.
is riding the lightning
wants to know what effect that has on Sabre's tripping implement
doesn't have enough MDV... :(
uses too many commas!
takes it under advisement
scrolls back up
moves along
may be lagging behind, as he takes some time to consider each of the suggestions in the context of the surrounding passage and then decide how to alter them, thus takes longer to fix than AT does to read
just lost $2000 of structures...
suspects AT of too much Dune
stabs Word
perfers polar bears.
wonders if encrusting a stack of bolts requires just one overall, or one per bolt
trades a dozen bins full of dolomite crafts for large quantities of cool steel toys, like plate armor and trap componants.
queues up another 150 rock crafts.
notes this is a long-term goal
duct tapes Siber's mouth shut.
's last act before running away is duct taping Siber to a tree.
lobotomizes Siber.
puts siber back together some how....
has two levers right next to each other that do just that.
thinks he wants a devastator
dropped their price to 300ish
enjoys how a single tantruming dwarf brought down the whole place
, for once, has a day on Improbable Island without once fucking up and dying!
considers turning off cleaning for every dwarf ever
considers starting to hollow out a new workshop level in this fort.
considers a magma flood device for his entrance
still mourns the death of custom-built mechs
liked MW4, and MW4 mercs, but he had a few very nifty mech designs that the pod system gutted
has played mechwarrior off and on almost since the 500 meter hex days
follows the water level
starts forbiding doors
considers actually helping these idiot developers de-stupify their library.
is back
actually watches that video.
just finished heatgun-desoldering, then re-soldering two of these ICs (minus the googly-eyes): http://www.flickr.com/photos/oskay/412297986/sizes/o/
will save his memo for later.
puts up another revised Scattered
needs to decide if he picked up the cat before or after exalting
considers bed too
hire several Sibers to advise on how to handle the situation
has little useful advice!
is glad the demoscene exists.
unleashes further plans to turn his fort into a deathtrap
stares at the math
hugs Lua.
is still amused by this
digs his new fort right above a magma pool!
savescums and tests it out
takes steps to ensure it stays that way
prepares plans. with luck, the dwarven traders will thin out the hordes.
hugs Siber.
shakes all the emo off.
tests Sabre
stabs himself with punctuation
races to build a resivour before summer ends
investigates this....  LL Bean catalogue phenominon.
recruits everyone
offers AT a can of compressed butane, and a lighter.
contemplates weredwarves.
toggles it to dwarves stay indoors
unrecruits his dudes and sends them to hide inside
zombie bite
notes the blood trails from the eye sockets.
gives AT a turkey and jalepeno jelly sandwich and departs for parts unknown.
digs out his headphones.
is down to two sonic tanks and one siege
hates his job!
checks for life
equips: Flyswatter Of Doom
equips Sarcasm and Obsession materia
finds cover
is fragile
thinks maybe starting his fort in the middle of a goblin empire was a bad idea.
ponders what would cause such a change of mood
returns to his computer
wonders if he's missing the joke.
hands Icefox a flamethrower.
raises his hand.
question mark?
boots AT into a handy well.
now knows what Rain wants for Christmas.
turns on masonry on icefox and puts him to work
builds doors!
always needs more doors!
throws a tantrum!
smashes the artifact table!
punches out the legendary stonecrafter, and stomps on a puppy!
winces as the legendary dwarf rips Icefox to teeny bits
adds and removes commas at random from his last statement.
turns fish cleaners into something useful
locks a crazy clothier in his workshop.
tries to figure out where in blazes his thresher went
recommend a restart
deimps his magma pool
's lava pool is fire imp free
looks sheepsih
is moderately amused
still submits Retaliator.
abstains from the vote
trades it in for a 250cc kittybike.
creates a tesseract and is consumed by it.
thinks he's going to try implementing Icefox's assembly line idea in DF
ponders this problem
tries to remeber if there was anything he was going to look up or do before hexalted
fudges it.
decrees his mesh-loader finished.
has decided the tiger is female, yes.
ponders armor for felines
ponders a character with a tiger smarter than they are
makes a note not to let the tiger take too much damage
is corrupting memory... somewhere...
ponders the example of his family's cat, who has had to deal with moving from a rather wooded property with free reign to a single apartment
ponders tigers and refrigerator boxes
ponders effective two-way communication with a tiger that has a refrigerator box.
wonders where the "at least" came from.
thinks CotBW would go mad
perfers being the good guy, thanks
is back
plays Super Melee online against a friend.
connects to himself, succeeds.
finds an evil glacier with a volcano through the middle.
considers training his woodcutter in axedwarf.
knows what AT means though
meant who
says, in a Dark Helmet voice
builds an inconveniently large workshop...
makes a note to keep an eye out for the pits
eyes the magma with BANEFUL gazes.
mounts an expedition to find the pits
plans on walling the hell out of it once he finds it
sends some poor peasant off to smooth 'em all out.
is suddenly tempted to make a vast underground network of tunnels for trade wagons.
approves of that plan
consoles siber
dams the river with a wall made of ice!
is now down a precious, precious mechanic
accidentally connects Project Wagon with Project River.
designates the wall for mining and watches the dwarf run down the hall, down the stairs, through the whole fortress, out the front gate, up the hills, and then mine the wall out from the outside
digs him out.
hopes the merchants bring DEATH!
sighs and pushes back the planning of Crossbow Doom Squad Omega a bit further.
has reached the first layer of debris in his basement!
considers the results of his mining operation
sets up the catapult corps
has a legendary jewel grate that he really should put somewhere.
starts smelting his native aluminum
ponders quicksilver beds
thinks the names get bigger as the value goes up
has survived the weather
does malware scans while checking his hosts file
fixes a bug.
takes photos of his own workspace for comparison purposes.
gronks Beausabre.
is gronkified in extremis.
eats cake.
believes he sees
ponders stuff
designates mining
forsakes copper
ponders stuff and things
ponders food now.
ponders food and school.
zooms ont the event and finds a goblin in his traps with broken right hand and leg, unconscious
dispatches the millitary to finish it off
wonders if Meg would accept an offer of more run of the mill clothes
walks in, wiping blood off of baseball bat.
had largely forgotten about that
kervoips in, moderately late in the day.
has wrapped up his various practice sessions for the day, has cleaned up, and is relaxing before dinner.
looks up as Shakti displaces air.
surveys the scene, then breaks a small smile when 'sabre speaks. She otherwise looks a bit worn out
flops noisily into the nearest soft furnature
sounds distinctly annoyed.
puts aside the paper and sits up.
decides to break his single syllable streak and amplifies.
grins at Shakti.
shakes her head
looks dubious
shakes her head
gets up, and pulls a key out of his pocket.
stands up
gets up and puts the key into an invisible keyhole, and suddenly a door is there to meet it. He pushes it open and steps in, leaving the door open.
chuckles as she steps through
leads the way into the Museum, bypassing the living area for the racks and shelves of equipment and odds and ends that make up most of the area.
rolls her eyes
shrugs, and leads the way to a rack of  shelves that's filled with an assortment of odds and ends on one side, and several rows of books on the other.
starts looking at the racked volumes, which appear to be an assortment of history, politics and some fictional titles all jumbled together.
pulls out a rather thin paperback book, titled The Art of War - Sun Tzu.
pulls down a book titled Bodyguard of Lies.
pulls down a couple of more books on intelligence operations.
looks moderately overwhelmed
gets a look at her face...and grins.
gives a little smile
trails off.
nods again
sounds reluctant, and then changes the subject!
actually cringes at the word!
now sees the vital flaw in her plan
packs volumes into that one syllable.
wanders by, looks at the open door to the Museum... ponders.
is startled by the yell
comes into view, feet sliding smoothly over the ground without his arms and legs moving, holding a large mixing bowl.
holds out the bowl for Beausabre to see.
peers at the bowl
chuckles at the idea of catgirl with a pet dog.
peers at Shakti.
grins back.
indicates the stack of books in Shakti's hands.
checks the titles.
seems at a loss for proper rebuttle
wanders over and starts going through the piles of books.
blinks, and thinks.
shakes her head
idly dabs a finger in the bowl of mousse and licks it clean, pondering.
heads for the door back to the house
thinks 'sabre getting Shakti to go out to eat somewhere on earth is going to be a serious up-hill battle
sets up a couple new smelters to handle his surplus of magnatite ore
wedgies AT in greeting.
reaches into his pocket
removes a wrapped present labeled "To Beausabre, in appreciation for years of friendship and tolerance!"
eats it
gives AT a spoon as he departs.
is listening to the trailer
thinks that's an impressive David Hayder impression
just figured a shape out
hates his coworkers. He hates them so very much.
hugs Starfyre
remembers that movie being godawful
exaggerates a bit for effect
is impatient
is firmly convinced that we won't nuke ourselves out, but rather perish in a really bloody stupid industrial accident or something.
could well be wring.
makes the flat ears, big eyes, hunker low to groud thing that cats do when yelled at
nods again
PPFs AT in the face.
assaults AT with a detailed sketch of how the american banking industry interacts with the federal reserve!
equips headphone volume
wonders what the atrrition rate in that group is
suggests private message?
beatboxes the Verdane theme
is now imagining Wings of Rain holding a giant sci-fantasy bazooka with "Varsen Predicator" on it
has has a 'coruscant aura' now, if it matters.
shakes a fist at lady fen
is cropping out the chunks he needs into individual files now
newspapers Rain
glares at the goblins and tries to protect Fen as she talks to the diplomat. Her anima is flaring brightly at this point.
uses her Battle-Halting Word combo and says, trading the furious air for one of enlightenment and reason. "We do not desire your death, Fae creature. If your ..." Fen almost stutters on the word "soldiers stand down, you will suffer no further harm from us."
wonders just what Fen is up to, as he doesn't plan on letting the Fae live
arches an eyebrow and smiles
starts putting away his smashfists and tending to his wounds
plants his daiclave firmly in the ground and crosses his arms on the pommel
looks to either side at the glowing people, sparing a half second to shoot a "hmm, really?" look of mild surprise to Wings of Rain before looking back at the Fae
stays where she is, guarding Fen's back.
looks very stoic and unamused
wonders if you can sheath javelins.
imagines CotBW running into battle in plaid pants, with a short dude with a funny hat acting as javelin-caddy for him.
lulz at Paul's reference
sticks the point of his javelin-in-hand into the ground. Which leaves it close enough at hand for throwing again that it doesn't really matter. The cat looks at Guard 4 and licks it's chops.
is willing to put some force into those words if the diplomat looks like he's not buying it.
wonder if that's going to push Fen up an anima category or not
is unharmed
is okay
is rather aggravated, but unhurt.
lulz forever
luls FOREVER
feels... uneasy.
has 2 percep and 0 awareness
has more than 0 socialize and investigation
has 2 precep and 3 investigation
has 2 percep and 3 socialize!
levels a Glare at CotBW.
grins, ignoring the slight
decides to chime in
holds up a hand
silences himself
looks thoughtful
is not actually meaning the last one as a threat at all. If anything... she's trying to make it sound less threatening than it is.
puts all kinds of meaning on those last words.
checks for Jeremy.
does not see him.
produces rope
turns to the guards and goblins and says
binds the diplomat
looks to Fen for an answer
waits for the guards to disappear out of sight
pulls his daiclave out of the ground and sheathes it, and heads Fenward
moves off to the side
goes over to where the ambassador and Cerin are...and glares at the both of them.
goes to join the congregation
imagines Wings and Cerin. 'So, um, I notice you're glowing a bit.' 'Yeah, that happens.'
starts wiping hobgoblin blood off of her razor claws.
is only partly mollified by the sneaking comment. "I've fallen in with lunatics."
looks to Child for a response
mulls this over
gives something of a grunt.
slaps CotBW on the back
indicates Cerin and Wings over by El Diplomate
hears the plan
looks skeptical, but shrugs.
heads on over and has the tiger generally menace the diplomat
also gives Fen 'The Glare'.
looks distressed
says something rather sulfurous in Firetounge.
aims an offhand kick at the ambassador. It misses.
pish-toshes and uses medicine on Cerin
keeps her razor claws on, and watches the rear as they retreat.
spends three motes
tries to remember how long it takes to stop glowing.
probably needs to talk to her contacts in the criminal element, but will guard.
shrugs. "If you think these two are sufficient to guard him."
starts resting
would not disagree.
was a bit distracted.
tries to get clothes that aren't hobgoblinny and moves to assault the king with words
whaps Fen.
is pondering securing him by pinning him to the ground through that wound, but untimately decides against it.
returns before Fen does, and brings some food back for the two. And herself. The prisoner gets nothing.
actually listens to AT's music.
((has been listening to it steadily
accepts the food
snorts, and digs into her own meal.
looks for food!
figures that Fen and Cerin would get their own meals at the palace!
doesn't recall that
buys a dot of Thrown
has exp banked! glee!
expands the millitia
also orders the creation of a full set of iron armor for them all
attemtps to find rough gems before the jewler goes mad
has a king!
has a legendary armorer
has aluminum!
checks the civilizations screen
might go with a sort of 'captian's log' thingy upon making new discoveries, but maybe not
is equiping the whole millitia with iron plate
needs to write up some things on the Latka underworld, with GMFox's approval.
thinks he's reached the epitomy of cheap dwarf housing without just throwing all the dwarves in one room
catches the entire siege in his pit trap of doom
is looking for the page
grumbles and goes in search of change.
arrests schwartz
imagines a flash flood as temputures drop below freezing
is lost
notes that his fortress has really boring dwarves.
lets loose half a dozen elephants.
wants to make everyone's horses awesome.
sees a stupid dwarf run with a goblin straight into his pit trap.
wonders if you need better ride to ride a giant horse
drains the volcano
does have an assembly capable of flooding a small portion of the world, though
is unsure why his dwarves are engraving falling wagons
has completed his raw adamantine table. It is worth 1213200 coin.
has a Safari window open with Wikipedia pages for Alchemy, Custard, Banoffee pie, and Zosimos of Panopolis
grumbles and undoes half an hour of programming.
pessimizes his game down to 10 fps.
is running a 4x3 area, no weather, with 108 dwarves and 25 displayed fps, getting about 50 real FPS
wonders how rock disposal ranks as a preformance measure
channels AT for a moment. It tastes like copper.
witnesses the trade-depot-sun-sickness effect
decidse to dig out a new underground trade depot
equips: Rizziah
approaches Beausabre
equips gatling gun.
is totally OK with that
has all of 11 songs extracted now, yay!
ensures his fortress is smooooooth...
makes sure the human ambassador's death was not in vain, and makes ammo from his corpse
eats a jalapeno.
notes that this and his previous link are distinct things
stabs winace and winamp and windows and gmail
dubs that the "Mote in God's Eye" defense
blames AT for gmails compression foulups, completely
has a legendary weaponsmith and armorsmith now!
has a legendary clerk
filled up his thumb drive!
is reporting right now
thinks this will be a very awesome ship
likes Vanguard
is doing so.
wants to name an entier fleet after confections
is at 1118.31%
mostly not serious
watches Yugi-oh abridged.
is decapitated by an INTENSE EXPERIENCE
builds copper traps and bolts, dammit.
is currently conducting extensive gem exploration
watches his wrassling team splatter a fire imp.
imports metal.
experiments with pumps.
considers specializing his miners from his masons.
plans an underground tree farm.
watches a dude walk aaaaaaall the way to the end of the longest corridor in the fortress, pick up a rock, and start walking alllllll the way back to whatever he needs it for.
watches his boyer get struck by a fey mood, and demand silk.
loots the elven caravan
turns off temperature and starts a new game.
finds magma pits in a mostly sedimentary hillside.
sees a dwarf on top of a tower send a goblin thief flying with his axe
is still running on plump helmets
suddenly wants dwarves with thunder hammers.
wonders if he wants to be a linguist
happily constructs a crossfire
does wish that the dwarf had chosen to use steel instead of pig iron for his short sword though
considers the relationship CotBW has with his tribe
wonders what happens if an exalt with no conception of a clock uses the 'know exact time of day' power
equpis caffienee
is here
is not sure you'll ever have to really buy a SDN from your own money, buthey
just toggled six screens of Tower-cap wood manually
orders mass deforestation
still wants to completely overhaul written english
reads the blinkenlights page
ponders mapping CPU usage to visable frequencies of light
dug out one deposit of magnetite and got 600+ pieces of ore
considers delving deeply and seeing what he finds
surveys project Cut Every Tree
searches the executable for strings.
ponders AT getting into a situation where his life's actually in jeopardy
is feeling particularly misanthropic tonight.
likes feta
suggests Icefox remain misanthropic but avoid the more subjective stuff
hugs Siber.
gets the Wyld book from Zi and prepares to do horrible things in the Exalted campaign.
scours for magma and marble
wonders if he'd get away with making a robot clone exalt
losing his mind
checks again to see if his group members have submitted their parts of the group project that has to be uploaded before class tomorrow
is a pillar of hate
uses: Electroprod on: Siber
stabs AT with the knife of making goblins simple shapes
is kinda thiking about doing a BSF ship for giggles
hands AT some microcline
is disturbed by how many of his creative projects seem to turn out to be tracing other people's shit
asks for a ship to make, and lizzie responds!
doesn't have anything but hobbies
is not taking japanese next semester
goes in search of peanut M&Ms
checks for videos
imagines the entire Fire Emblem game run by a massive tumor now.
wonders if he overuses the semicolon
strokes the kitten
eliminates knowledge of fractions too
finds this concept wholey alien, but that's jsut him
is primarily interested in what various musculatures look like.
refers to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Image:Nbodybuilder.jpg , not the pic above it
hates them.
will simply assume that demons start a lot higher than the average mook in the street, and proper training and power application can take it up further from there.
checks for life
drops half a dozen goblins into his lava moat
takes the knife away from george.
caught 20-30 goblins
directs orbital kinetic bombardment centered on William Willett's memorial sundial
investigates the functions and implications of ditching his Danish citizenship.
is somewhat unsurpised
sets about going through the labrynthine calculations of time-zone changes, daily schedules, overtime, and a 95-year-old great aunt to figure out when to call home.
likes the laptop brand name
checks for the rest of his group's project
beats Improbable Island's final boss without taking damage.
starts the game again, as a different race... hmm, zombie, or kittymorph?
gains: less defense, more offense, fewer fights, and more charm. Hmm.
considers killing the caged goblins and seeing if that works
whips up a stand-in index page and sends it to the group along with his fixed page2
hides from your groupmates.
isn't sure he can sign in good consience having never seen one of the man's movies.
stabs outlook so damn much
gives in and signs
pulls the wheel of the conversation into a hard left turn, narrowly avoiding a fishtail.
kinda likes that
read that as 'brainsneering'.
is proud of his self-sufficent dwarftress
wonders if a solar could create Jaegers as a personal army
is back in the Warehouse 23 basement
would almost rather ignore the whole episode at this point, honestly
would still honestly rather ignore it than resolve it
kills george
reads fiction...
ponders the political situation between Isher and Latka.
is reading an article on Gears of War 2
is back
tries to imagine that weapon.
is so god damn happy for himself!
is really stoked for that ship
runs screaming for the hills
spends his awake-time on the DD
getsto work
can't wait to see it with the ion turrets
will unwrap better next time, honest
pukes on Icefox
waits for his underground farm plot to slowly, sloooooooowly drain...
selects adventurer mode
fires up Adventurer mode.
is reading the manual!
is getting ambushed by cougars in Dwarf Fortress
cheats at dwarftress
shoos the parrot away.
cheers Siber on!
is still lost
renders primative convention at 640x480
watches Siber's computer go up in a plume of smoke, once and for all.
guts Icefox with a horribly addicting arcade game
runs Icefox over with a spaceship on his way back to level 23
rips out all the tendons and muscles in the base of his foot
opens music
launches a .tga at you?
wants that weapon for CotBW
loathes his coworkers with a burning passion
checks for life?
steals AT's wallet
stabs Icefox a lot
curses stage 23
ponders equality and democracy in a situation where there are multiple species of provably different ability in the mix
ponders a character small and light enough that their terminal velocity is too low to cause injury, and the ways their teammates might exploit that fact
tries to figure out how old he is
mounts an absurdly huge underground excavation project
ohwell's and, now that he doesn't have to worry about imminent homework again, works on Exalted stuff.
curses at Kobo
pretty much free of happy stories
el sighs
eats incredibly bland chili
stabs Icefox
is stabbed.
assualts Mjolnir with twangy guitars
bleeds from his ears and collapses
stabs the corvette
takes the mine apart on the floor
sees Siber, and explodes.
respawns, takes a few steps, and explodes
respawns, disarms three mines, then explodes
gives AT some landmines
strapes them all over his body
runs outside
respawns and gets shot in the ear by Siber while disarming another
thinks Mjolnir is forgetting the flamethrower
also sends for a cleanup crew to deal with the new crater
snap-shots Siber in the head, then explodes when he steps on the mine Siber just placed
thinks it's a Class XII Groaner
suspects such a charm may not be available to a solar
wonders just how strong those supports are
stabs Icefox
hands Mjolnir a case of antimatter grenades, and gets out of town. Like....into the next star system.
tags along?
hides a few in a cargo compartment as a farewell gift
wonders how close you'd have to be to that explosion for just the visable light to be dangerous
pish toshes
fiddles with fiddly things
opens a file
shoots off all PS's blue things to expose the yellow thing, which he then shoots
reopens wings
admires the frigate
is ultra proud of the little labels on the side of the vents
switches to ortho mode
found a magic distance and POV where the rear hatching merges with the front
verbally assualts his sibling
wonders if Kara's weapons can defeat her armor, or visa versa
has played with the idea of Kara having forced herself to forget who she is for a couple decades at a time before
dispenses pain and suffering to all and sundry before he departs.
plots revenge
loathes his job so very much
throws a net at schwartz
sneaks a back slash in there and hopes no one notices.
shoves the couch at Starfyre and runs off.
traps schwartz in zeno's paradox, bringing his speed to very very slow
inexplicably decreases in speed.
doesn't say "of course." that goes without saying
is resigned to talking to himself.
offers Beausabr some rum.
may do just that
gets a Symbol of Madness charm and a superball
swats siber with a peg leg
fires it up
does think that it's pretty damn cool though
wow wow WOW
boots up to make sure the hod still works
hits send
is setting it to 85 like an inty
tests it!
is all in all quite happy with this frigate
goes to his trusty HodEd manual
will be back to work on the frigatte some more later on
has no objections
generally rocks out. To Dragonforce at the moment
hugs Pandora
ferments Siber's memory.
runs away!
dispatches capture drones
dragged back in restraints.
is sustained entierly through guitars and caffiene
presses 100 buttons and enters 300~ digets and makes turrets work!
makes a note: after the zombie apocalypse, find Beausabre, and be his friend.
marks Siber down as "zombie bait."
was just about to do that, Sabre.
dangles cake in front of Siber.
makes it dissapear!
will sad
eats cake.
zones out and skips a couple lines, then reads 'Cyberdyne sees the HAL-5 as both a rehabilitation device and nurse's assistant'
isn't sure which looks better
wonders what a bumblebee on amphetamines looks like
tightens the screws a little more
looks back on his activity while sleep deprived the last week or so
figures out how to make gimp add an alpha channel to a png
wonders how many memos he has for AT now
creates a line of 100 assault frigates in his game.
suspsects Icefox is set to invisble or something and doesn't realize it
wishes he had finals to worry about.
really needs to track down box sets of bab5 or something eventually
spraypaints AT purple
is purple
busts out the techno grooves!
just had an important revelation
exaggerates a bit for amusement, of course.
shakes Starfyre roughly and unsscons...scnoicn...unwisconsinably
stabs Icefox with a notebook
shushes Beausabre
wonders why the arbiter gets various outfits and the cheif doesn't.
was considering offing the fae diplomat to conceal that fact, but thought interrogating him was more important
strabs his backsliding typing
attempts to figure out how to add damn badges
hugs Siber
stabs maded repetedly
loves the twin ion turrets
high fives!
makes TINY FRIGATES!
considers doing all the paneling on the underside
fixes a bug in his program by changing a single + to a *.  And it doesn't even involve math.
makes a few more tweaks in that case
, with great trepidation, opens the UV screen
pushes de buttons!
made Knight Killer lances into Killin' Lances
does battle with a strange goblin
searches for food stuffs.
can't disagree
makes everything internal to avoid dependancy issues, exports the relevant images, and zips
goes off to gmail
is now known as Icefox
is now known as Redundant.
is probably not here yet
around, maybe
, anywhere?
is somewhere, maybe at the House
is somewhere in the House. doing...something.
is in the main room, going over recent events at the House with Melusine, and over findings from the area near the Divide with Melusine and anyone else who's interested
is there too, via Kitty, doing the bulk of the latter due to greater capability
is sitting in on that, then. Providing comments.
directs this both Mjolnir and Addy.
is probably at Titan's hideout, hanging out.
is eating breakfast
looks at the distribution plots.
suddenly materializes in the living room.
broadcasts this message throughout the house, and to anybody who has a House phone.
is there in a jiffy, and ... how are we going to justify AT not showing up?
not available for some reason or another
looks up at the interruption. "Mel, what's wrong?"
is waiting patiently for clarification, assuming the order for assembly means no immediate danger to the House
presumably already has already received all known info, and clears the displays, House and her own
stands up so quickly he knocks over his chair.
's avatar suddenly replaces that of Melusine.
appears abruptly in the middle of the room, happening to intersect Titan's avatar partially, in full gear, thought it appears somewhat hastily donned
steps out of the hologram
plays a video recording of that attack, and some of the androids can be seen carrying a long, rectangular object into the hold. The ones were with the crew in Cynosure may recognize it.
has already gotten up, and is fumbling for a key when Shakti comes in.
cocks her head
produces a key, and opens the door to the museum.
seems notably anxious
seems to be grinding his teeth as he says this.
appears on top of Shakti's head.
steps into the Museum, and grabs a duffle bag he has inside the door and opens it. He steps out line of sight of the door and starts changing into his armor.))
throws up up a holographic representation of the inside of Little Bird.
sticks his head out of the door. he has the undersuit on already.
can be heard buckling on gear.
is getting prepared as well. Perhaps he had a drone deliver it.
shakes her head
steps out of the Museum (Salaah has no reaction to a door that suddenly appears in the room?), wearing armor and carrying a Beowulf rifle (M4 converted to fire .50 AE rounds).
shakes her head and goes back to breakfast
ponders, then realizes he's actually getting into a fight and vanishes off to his room for a few moments.
pauses, and watches Salaah.
has a drone bring in a bag with set of black boxes in them.
's face goes a bit still.
returns, wearing his armored vacuum suit and carrying a pair of long knives.
actually looks gobsmacked
sighs again
scoops up her breakfast and heads upstairs
watches her depart, and blinks.
selects her gear: the sword and a nasty hand cannon that looks like a cross bettwen a pistol and a sawed-off shotgun
looks upstair to where Salaah vanished.
slings his rifle, and pulls a rather large handgun, and goes to stand next to Shakti.
walks over to crouch next to Icefox
has the gun drawn in the hand with the charm, ready to activate it with the other hand
rubs his hands together and hops to his feet, then counts down from 10.
has his helmet on, set to wide viewing angle, and weapon in hand
turns out to be the one closest to the android when they pop into the cockpit. He's actually too close to bring his pistol to bear, but grabs the rifle before the android can register what has just happened and throws his weight onto her to push her away from Marri.
starts to aim her weapon for the first android before Beausabre throws himself into it, then quick shifts her aim for the doorway and opens fire, somewhat hastily, on any targets of oppertunity
and Adrasteia are in limbo
arrives on the lower deck, near the loading dock, instantly throwing out a bubble-shield around himself and his passengers before looking around.
EMP's any androids in sight, and commences more permanent attacks using her memory of the other Cyberdyne attackers as a guide to weak points and vulnerabilities.
raises his weapon, but stops as the bubble shield goes up
grunts and drops to his knees, but the pistol in his other hand fires twice into the abdomen of the android he's wrestling.
does so! Aiming at the two armed males, trying hard not to hit the one holding the deadman's switch
diverts her attacks from the two males and focuses on keeping the female from getting any useful motor control to the arm
throws herself to the side of the cockpit, away from the door, and retargets on the android that just throw Beausabre off it, firing a pair of shots into it
winces as the shredder fire rakes across the bubble, aborting a leap-attack halfway through... instead he just falls to his knees and looks up at the female cyborg, telekinetically gripping her fist closed around the switch, trying to yank her arm up above her head.
uses the distraction of the head being shot off to fire two more rounds from his kneeling position, upwards into the ribcage of the android.
does the leap-attack in his place, messily severing the arm holding the switch at the shoulder and turning her attention to the safety interlocks in the scuttling charge, setting everything to its most safe not-blowing-up state as fast as she can
gives it another blast before turning her attention to putting up a flat sheild in the doorway. She winces visably at the fire the sheild takes
taps Icefox's shoulder and moves to the side, trying to get a clear shot at the androids
staggers to his feet and moves with Mjolnir, the shield staying centered on him.
puts a deck of cards on the scuttling charge and has a few games with the androids and Adrasteia while they wait.
is stuck fending off a never ending supply of gunfire
loses a couple rounds, then engages the female in a round of chess
heads up through the ship towards the bridge and shuts a door, cutting off the sound of constant gunfire, before returning to the game
rolls to the side of the cockpit as the rounds zip through the door. <Marri! Door!>
responds by closing the cockpit doors. As she does so, rifle fire, and then something large, can be heard hitting the door.
keeps the sheild up, but relaxes fractionally as the door closes
rolls over and rubs his shoulder...and shakes his head.
looks unfocused for a moment, then nods. <Yes, I do. Weapons are offline for now, and we're down on fuel, but I have control of the ship.>
tries to yank the shredder out of the android's hands, or at least deflect the shot away from Addie.
calls up the video monitors, and one shows the commons area. Three large androids, and a slighter figure are clustered around an open panel near the doors into the operations center. The smaller figure, blonde and female, has a laptop in her hands and is doing something.
moves along the lower deck, trying to get a clear shot at the androids while staying in the shielded bubble. His helmet shows a clear spot through the scuttling charge's outer casing, and an android moving behind it. He disables the shipboard safeties which would turn his rounds into confetti after impact, and shoots the android through the scuttling charge.
leans against a wall and stares at the image screen. Three points of light start forming in her hand
pulls up video from the Operations section. There's an android in there, who is trying to lever open the doors with something ripped off of one of the consoles.
has mostly been trying not to get sprayed with needles while making sure the scuttling charge is safed. That taken care of, she retreats to the shielded bubble.
gets up and leans across Marri to take the sword from Shakti.
continues to intensify her readied magical attack
puts a holographic cross-hair on the door at about chest height. It bobbles as the android keeps hammering at the door.
tries the ship's comms network
is suddenly behind the one remaining android, both knives sinking about half an inch into its back with disturbing ease.  "Surrender."
puts the point of the sword on the door, and then rests the palm on the pommel of the swrod...and watches the video display for the moment when the android leans into the blow against the door....
covers the other two
suddenly thrusts the sword through the door...and it slides into the android's chest about a hand-length deep. 'sabre then drags the sword down through the door and through the android's chest.
just shoves the knives in about as easily as Shakti's sword cuts through the door, twisting them and trying to stay on top of the android.
tenses her effector fields, and rips power linkages apart within the female
has been watching all this on the monitors in the cockpit.
queries positions from Marri and has his helmet project a map on the nearest wall
is forced to move to the side to get the projection clear of a spatter of needle punctures
gives Mjolnir the positions, and indicates that two of the targets are now moving to positions to allow a crossfire on the stairway from the commons doorway. Right at the corners before the staterooms, basically.
moves close to Mjolnir, speaking quietly.
examines the floor of the commons area
tosses a sensor ball up the stairs, bouncing it off the restroom doors and getting a good look at the androids covering them
nods and hefts the gun, pulling up the three little fireballs in readyness
indicates with a dot of light on the projected map
carefully puts the sword down, and unslings the rifle.
rests one hand on Mjolnir's shoulder, the other on Addie, and concentrates, waiting for Beausabre's signal.
shazam's Mjolnir and Addy up behind the two androids guarding the door, then yanks the hostage down in their place.
rips into her target with claws, electromagnetic fields, and effector fields, quickly reducing it to a smoking pile of wreckage
opens fire at his opponent's torso from behind, then dives to the side looking for cover
finds herself without any clear line of fire
opens the doors - the inner one first, then the outer ones.
leans out into the open doorway, rifle at the shoulder, and puts three rounds into the chest of the hostage-taker. The .50 rounds shatter the armored ribcage and knock the target to the ground.
taps her helpfully on the shoulder.
surges through the door into the commons, keeping his rifle centered on her body.
produces a clipboard and pen from nowhere.
kicks the shredder away from her hand as she stirs.
hangs back, covering Marrighan
approaches the one he downed, kicking the weapon away from the body, and eyes the remains of Adrasteia's target
makes a circle on the clipboard.
prods his own android with his foot, looking for any twitching
retrieves his knives and follows her, putting a hand on your shoulder.
collects the weapons of the ones covering the stairs, and heads forward.
looks out over the mess that is the commons
straightens and pulls of his helmet as Mjolnir approaches.
looks back to the pilot, and opens up the face of her own helmet
doesn't speak, but reaches out and drags Shakti into a hug.
is hugged
gathers weapons there, as well, staying clear of 'Sabre's line of fire on the surviving android
looks down at the last of the hostage takers. "You picked a damn poor way of doing it."
nudges the smoking body with his toe, but it doesn't respond. He sighs, and slings his rifle again.
, having made the rounds on the other androids, inspects the body of this one as well
proceeds forward into the cabin
is still being hugged presumably
finally lets go of Shakti.
rubs his shoulder again.
crosses the distance to Beausabre with surpising alacraty
puts a hand on his arm and does a quick diagnostic spell anyway, to make sure nothing's fractured or the like
hits him with a light healing spell, and then lets go
blinks, then looks at her with a little smile.
comes over the shipwide: <I just heard from Titan. She's sending a tanker to refuel us.>
turns and bites at something on her flank, spitting a needle onto the floor
goes over to one of the chairs in the commons, and sprawls in it.
closes his eyes for a moment and puts his head back, and starts to laugh.
starts hauling the bodies and wreckage out of the way
looks at Beausabre questioningly
shakes his head
fucking sighs
looks at the bridge UV
clips off the back face of the bridge?
wibbles siber
takes Life Practicum #1 in kicking drunk people out of his dorm room.
takes inordinate pleasure from watching the assault frigates start a fucking riot
grabs AT and Siber and drags them off to some horrible place.
is yoinked from his Kobo game
totally read that as "Away from bathroom for keyboard"
puts one of the Fen hats on Child
falls down laughing.
advises, solemnly
was with the group that was holding the prisoner. Presumably waiting for Fen and CotBW to return.
wipes her nose and Wing's hair
and or WoR can fly your wing on that one, though
would probably help too
combines "Ham" and "Home Run Bat" to inflict "Grand Slam" on Mjolnir
double hmms
is going to look into some sort of throwing weapon. An iron throwing weapon.
has compassion 2
has conviction 4
takes a billion limit break
scoffs "What madness is this? I'd expect a better ploy from a diplomat, but maybe I overestimated you."
shakes his head
shady look at Child
is still not sure about that
is still not sure about that
assumes all 24 are, and works from there
coudl keep this whole wrinkle to himself! But probably not
looks around at the court
is a weapon.
has the walking kinfe shop with fur along?
shall do that
burns a mote to make his caste mark glow
holds off on account of diplomacy?
stares at the bunch lurking in the background. Any hints as to their status? Clothes, etc?
tries to think of how the hell to indicate to Fen that giving the King lip is not a good idea.
is trying to be polite.
does the caste mark thingy
castes it up
activates caste mark
activates caste mark
reluctantly brings up her caste mark, and notes the that GM hasn't answered her question!
refrains from any jokes involving smoke, grinding gears, or sprains
thwaps CotBW.
has been beaten to it!
quickly conceals the caste mark
wonders if DF takes advantage of multiple processors
is trying not to put any emphasis on the friends to indicate they might be special
asks the King: "Majesty, who are these guests of yours?" and gestures at the ones keeping in the background.
bows to the local spirits, Southern-style - hands together, and from the waist. "Greetings and respect to you, Noble Spirits."
checks out pressence charms
climbs a roof, has his partner take a swing, and teleports down
throws a stone up, stands under it, and dodges at the last second!
needs more rock blocks!
just wants to set the world on fire
shall make caveroasted a firey land in truth
waits for an intelligible request or statement.
stabs Kobo with a very large kife
is moderately amazed by the size of the pant legs compared to the size of the rest of the outfit
digs into an aquifer
is not going to the labs today.
breaks into the school administration systems and schedules construction of new labs in Schwartz's room
picks up his sculpting tools, the one's that look suspiciously like torture implements, and attacks any one that enters his room.
ponders artifact bedpans
hands Starfyre a soulsteel chainsaw.
strokes the chainsaw
sets Siber's booze stockpiles on fire
sets Mjolnir's neuron stockpiles on fire
gets out a bag of marshmallows
sets both of their stockpile stockpiles on fire.
piles stocks.
puts Schwartz into the stocks.
mixes bonds with Icefox's stocks.
is imprisoned!
ponders stuff
is up for stuff.
will probably have to leave shortly. Alas.
fixes schwartz with a steely gaze
burns it with fire
is determined to find them!
imagines a world where all police officers wore that exact uniform.
constructs a backup lava refill flow for his moat
imgaines a Siret shouting that in disgust in response to a question on why a mod isn't tennable
is now imagining a very surprised young dwarf couple having a serious chat with their parents, because they didn't realize that Great-Uncle Albert passed away a few weeks ago.
ponders artificial worlds of normally impossible types, like halogen-atmosphere worlds, worlds with silicon based life...
see's Siber wearing a Dwarven breastplate as a helmet in adventure mode.
imagines an Elephant with Graceful Crane.
imagines a game of Exalted without charms.
imagines the reaction of a tiger when it suddenly leaps a hundred feet through the air to evade an attack.
needs to start saving for a horse.
hugs Beausabre.
maims beausabre
checks to see if any of his current charms are supplementary or reflexive, and which ones
sets Icefox on FIRE.
steeples his fingers and tries not to look smug.
looks INNOCENT
is playing supermelee against his Friend From Space.
weeps with joy
laughs again
glows an erie greenish yellow.
is glued shut!
kicks george.
cackles and looks at linguistics charms
still gets a laugh out of the idea of CotBW getting appearance training from Fen
is out of his element.
strikes a heroic pose
hugs Starf.
is now completely self-sufficient.
thwaps Icefox with http://well-of-souls.com/outsider/outsider051.html
thwaps Icefox with it anyways.
is out.
notices it's not 3D
hmms that is
grabs Siber
gives Siber an Uzi
concedes the point
is not qutie computer savvy enough
checks for manufacturing dates on the mobo box and board
begins the search for the cheapest socket am2 processor in existence
loves fry's. Yes he does.
hopes engraving his dining room will please his dwarves
is peeved
abandons and will now try the reclaim mode
storms the fort
loves the crossbow defense!
has done said KD8ing
jumps away, as if one shellshocked
blows up a paper bag, and pops it beside Siber.
makes a note to stop infecting Beausabre with memes
sets the happycat recharge picture to be his desktop
loads one heat-seeking missile. one. Problem solved.
notes that the British were involved in both aircraft.
loads 68 missiles onto siber
falls over
tips the body into a trash bag and labels it "For Arry or Shakti. Or Releyara."
reads it
gets out a stack of nicely pre-printed stickers reading "Please resurrect", and puts one on the bag
rather assumes that people can be pulled back if someone tries hard enough
does not believe he's reclaiming that equipment
gets the mop
drops a printout of Thevenin's theorem into the AT-puddle
takes cover
sighs again
hopes to one day see such a thing happen
designates some wall construction
stabs Icefox.
dispatches his every man to go storm the pits
annihilates the world through sheer tiredness.
conducts extensive chalk deposit excavation for great coalstocks
attempts to push them back to the pits
attempts to wall off his mining level while his millitary pushes
is reminded of VGcats
imagines the dwarve's situation
is having a fucking hell of a time getting this damn event to trigger.
hates the biot-savart law
goes ALL THE FUCKING WAY to the end of Masamune Mountain, saves at the save point there, reloads from an earlier save state to check something out, and loses his in-game save.
's fiendish plan for acquiring a new processor was like this:
enjoyed dai-guard
still wonders why obi-wan couldn't just have used the force to flick the spiderbots off his fighter
hugs Schwartz
is hugged.
salvages it and then eats it
brandishes a thing at homezilla
responds with atomic micro fireball
goes back into the rift.
is tangy and burning!
is ... microlicious
is going dooooooooooown
likes the last panel of http://www.starslip.com/2008/04/14/commendable-achievements/
thinks he should have left his millitary sealed in the mines untill they all starved
suspects stone throwing madwarves
kills george
kills george
locks his door
hands Sabre some grittiness
trades AT some itchy wool for it.
dangles acacia leaves in front of AT
reaches abnormally long lips and tongue towards it
takes pictures!
needs more dwarves
cues cheesey GI Joe music.
mauls Sabre
is maul'd.
is interested in Beausabre's idea for fen as well
likes the spiked face veil
doesn't get it.
break's Mjolnir's thumbs as a gesture to save the sanity of all.
ponders the significance of the breaking of the alliance.
gets his trusty UrHammer.
is back
is not better at physics
has entered battle!
chooses: texturing!
fucking SIGHS
is pissed about his tablet mouse...
spirit punches Icefox
falls over.
stabs the arm
HATES PHOTOSHOP
doesn't really have a completion for that thought
just refreshed th texture in Wings
rotates the FFA 90 degrees
ponders having AT post the ship and leave out any mention of himself, so he can keep asking questions inconspiciously.
wants Icefox to do it
sets his alarm clock.
casts Sleepel on Siber
is here courtesy of SSH!
has dug around several veins of it
doesn't. Quits.
inniates massive barrel/bin construction
techs up to cloth-making.
forbids a bunch of burning stuff.
looks at the internation phonetic aphabet chart
tells self that the line "Shaded areas denote articulations judged to be impossible." should not be taken as a challenge
ponders chopping a shooter into many tiny tiny sublevels and applying this tecnique of genetic AI
stabs wikipedia
killeth thee
was going to suggest that
stabs his mother.
enjoys some Rammstein
stabs firefox untill it works faster
wonders if german is harder or easier to learn than a romance language
shakes Sev with high energy directed guitars
can see that chasing Fen across the Wyld.
will keep that in mind next time you guys go into the Wyld.
IS BACK
fires all his torpedoes and bounces off the hull
dies in blastwave
bows, too
was in both #threadxalted and #outsider
waits to see if Sev has a punchline
grumblemutters, turns on the guitars, and sets about unwraping
goes to decontaminate himself.
wonders what rockodile meat is like
ponders having everyone auto-opped
now has a scroll saw set up next to his microwave
tries to think of a third thing he liked about college.
ponders stuff
equips: Sky Scorcher
equips: Ice Orb
equips: Way of Musou
equips: Tiger Amulet
hugs Siber
goes insane
sets Ozzie on fire and then dumps him into the Pits
ponders blatant escapism
damns BSG
isn't happy with that...
has an image of a Naga with a frilly apron and a dust cloth cleaing around the house.
is also having an allergy attack.
now enters Ceilingkin on foot!
probably go with the other awnser, though it's not a subject he's contplemated at length
goes to play You Have To Burn The Rope
surrenders to his allergies.
eats popcorn.
tries to decide which of the six possible word orders is the most fun
face palms
epic level failure.
will be iwth you directly
loves it so
hugs Siber
does lu bu's square square triangle on power crep
is looking at Siber mostly.
off to KD8!
refreshes textures
is preparing for the iminent dismantling of rechner.
WOULD LOVE TO PLAY WITH IT
rubs his hands and tries out his Evil GM Cackle.
plays the Kefka laugh
hands Starfyre an atomic bomb
continues HD backup
narrows his eyes
breaches AT's starboard fusion chamber
should really, really stop reading SA
steals AT's precious, precious dialogue
steals that too
busies himself figuring out how to rearange his room
also eats pizza
seizes AT by the shoulders
releases AT
makes the leroy picture his background
resolves to use megaevents per fortnight as the unit of frequency in some piece of software
ponders expressing and communicating concepts in algorithmic form
points at the channel topic
doesn't want to go to the labs...
goes with it
points and laughs.
does the same
ponders stuff and things
creates up Kadol Ledpaints
gives Icefox the single digit salute.
throws frozen water ballons at Icefox
learns about phonetics from text alone, yay
accidentally prints out 20 pages of crater coordinates.
searches for l in the IPA
likes the new background, Sabre. And the hair.
is going to bed now.
really likes http://www.schlockmercenary.com/d/20080418.html
stabs photobucket
is shocked
is also sarcastic!
retrianglates a bit of the side of the figate on a lark and fixes distortion
gets a peasant to do it.
locks him in an empty dining room.
had an epiphany
hides the 'name dwarf' feature from AT
shakes Siber until destroyers come out
renames his insane dwarf "'AT' Thidascilob, Madman"
decides to starve his dwarves to death.
actually makes a character sheet for the tiger
monders that DF might not be the healthiest thing to combine with misanthropy
destroys Adobe and all their works
wonders just who these people are.
is coming along because she doesn't want to be alone in town with the Wylde Hunt.
is a bit worried about the size of the crowd that now knows about them being Solars.
does not object to getting moving
is packed and waiting.
tiger stamina++
continues training strength
greets them
hangs back and observes these two Lunars.
returns the suspicion ...with interest.
approaches at her name being mentioned, and greets Strider.
nods at Winds' greeting.
asks her compatriots
objects not
looks disappointed
looks to Lady Fen
arches an eyebrow
seems the least enthusiastic about this, but doesn't voice any objections
doesn't seem to react too much either way.
asks Child and Erayk
looks to Fen again as if to say "any idea what they are arguing over?"
looks to Cerin, expert in the occult
perks up
observes the sorcery with curiosity
looks towards child and wings
manages to eat enough for two people, and looks like she could eat more.
wonders if they're going to feed the cat too
eats just enough
stops smiling
could mingle
has less
zero preformance
could sing a few songs. But they'd be upper-class songs, only.
gets up and bows, not as deep as she did back in Latka to the gods.
inclines his head
introduces herself and her friends humbly
maintains his bow
maintains her bow and eyes Cerin
asks subtly
looks at the woman with interest...a southerner?
does the proud straight-backed barbarian thing.
straightens up warily
nods as well.
(puts a hand on the back Eyrak's head and makes him nod too)
takes a deep breath steeling herself
has a small smile at Fen's discomfiture!
steps in?
nods at Child
...might be stupid enough to make that a social attack
would like to continue speaking
arches an eyebrow
was the one that suggested that?
bows her head
seems to be on the verge of speech, but settles down when she gives her permission to Strider
opens his mouth to ask for information, and is interupted by Fen. She earns a bit of an annoyed look at the topic change
shakes her head and looks embarassed
looks for confirmation to Cerin
shakes her head.
shakes his head
considers using Taboo Infliciting Diatribe to infect a population with Manifest Destiny
punts his wireless card into low orbit
thinks the lunars with the group would be wise to not show off any extra human forms
gets ready to stresstest his system
looks, aghast, at his geology homework.
can't stand mustard!
hands wheels out to everyone
mutters as he gets ready.
wags a finger at salaah
gives an arch look at Starfyre
feels utterly unferior now
consoles salaah
wonders how much of that picture is fancy filter work, though it does look pretty nifty
ponders doing more nav lights
has not exactly been avoiding Salaah since their return from Titan. Little Bird and Marri made it safetly back once the ship had been refueled, and most of the group had hung around for a bit to make sure everything was OK back on Titan before leaving.+
returned after a very long day, and spend most of the next sleeping. After getting up,it was time for a previously scheduled shooting expedition with Salaah. He got ready for it, and they went.+
shot even less than he normally did, and didn't speak to Salaah much either, except what was necessary. She might have noticed occasionally that he kept looking at her, a rather serious expression on his face. And that's where we pick them up....
is standing back, watching Salaah shoot. Or more accurately, watching Salaah while she shoots.
is somewhat happily putting holes in targets. She's managed to keep the rampant showboating reliably under control, though when she thinks nobody is looking she tries for peripheral vision shots and the like.
is also somewhat less than surreptitiously surveying the line of other shooters, keeping a weather eye out for Mike.
goes back to her firing until the clip is dry, then hands the rifle to Sabre
looks at her, and shakes his head. "I haven't seen him here today."
ponders that statement. "Why....no...I think I don't feel like shooting much today."
starts to answer her question...then aborts it. "I think we need to go, Salaah. I need to talk to you, and not here."
adjusts her cap
nods, and helps gather up the gear and heads to the car. They do not get intercepted by Mike's Gang on the way out.
gets in the car and buckles in
gets in the car, and heads out. part of the way back, he turns off the regular road and heads into a more commercial area that is somewhat rundown. +
parks the car behind a building plainly labeled "BAR", locks it, and heads inside. Inside, the bar is dark and mostly empty, though there are a few patrons. The bartender is rather large, bullet-headed man with no apparent neck and several large tattoos. He eyes the newcomers and gives them a wary nod.
follows obediently, narrowing her eyes at the bartender but otherwise offering little to no comment unless accosted
then heads to the bar to talk to the bartender.
blinks, somewhat perplexed, but heads to the back of the building and loiters, trying to determine exactly what Sabre meant by "get".
does so
talks to the man briefly, and catches up to Salaah at the booth with a bottle of amber liquid and two glasses. He slides her a glass, and puts the bottle on the table and breaks the seal on it. He pours a glass for himself, then slides the bottle across to her.
pours a cursory amount into the glass and sets it down
knocks the glass back as Salaah says that...and nearly chokes.
pours another glass, and sips it. He puts the glass down, and looks at Salaah for several moments....
takes another sip of whiskey.
inclines her head
cocks her head, then nods again
takes another sip, and refills his glass. He also pours her some more, even though she hasn't touched her glass.
takes a sip and makes a face
gestures at the barkeep, who is watching them.
looks at Salaah like he really does not believe her.
is openly incredulous now.
cocks her head
stops to take another drink.+
sits back and thinks.
hardens her eyes
shakes her head
places a conciliatory hand on Beausabre's, if at all possible, and adopts a softer tone of voice
has actually ran out of rock in dwarffort!
is careless, and burns down whole Starfyres
is fortunately mostly fireproof
likes mecha.
plays with the "character hair style" thing.
loads it up
sees now
needs a mop!
masses the bombers
is back
wonders just how many cults Kara has had over the centuries
envisions a scene when kara lets a complaint about cults drop in releyara's earshot, and she responds with some variant of "oh, you too?" and tips on getting them to stay gone.
ponders Siret and religion
may have crossed that line a few times, but that's no reason to dance on it
is actually still here!
ponders ways to get Kara to exposit some more on her life
ponders this and also ponders the clock
adds it to the lsit
wonders if he wants to take any time out of appearance training to start grabbing ride charms or something
may hold off on anointment of miraculous health for a melee excellency.
as well
will look that up again
ignores DV!
doesn't ignore parry. :(
texture refreshes
checks otu where bridge strut meets hull
kills everything
grabs starfyre and drags him off
wonders how engaged the other players are in this whole rebuild civilization thingy
ponders Exalted with some things stole from FEPnP
, because he swings that way, suddenly imagines a campaign where each person plays a Solar plus their Lunar mate.
gnaws on Siber's succulent brainmeats.
is currently music free
thinks you should try white with dark red trim
wishes it didn't take so long to load
throws up the horns
fucking sighs
teaches his neice the joys of german rock
just thinks he has a couple glitches to iron out
only has service pack 1
is working on it!
tries to decide what animal Child's tribe follows
can't wait for the ion turrets, glee
head asplode
votes for the one that doesn't lead to his arbitrary death for no readily apparent reason?
gets dauwn!
opens fire with a fully automagic propellor plane
hates thee
hateth you
makes some random guesses
meme-fives Starfyre! Yeah!
consoles AT
laughs manicacally
prods starf
is prodded
, fortunately, is not a cow
hopes he can remeber what he wanted Kara to talk about!
takes kara hostage until siber returns
is fully confident in Kara's safety
has a note pad and some magic books and is situated in one of Releyara's libraries
notes that it's probably best to inform the hostage that she's been taken hostage, but hey. scene start.
stalks in, muttering under her breath and smelling strongly of smoke
perks up
plunks down in a nearby chair and begins searching for a bottle
growlmutters more
gives up her search
grimaces mildly
rolls her eyes
frowns, a bitter note entering her voice
mulls it over a bit, as if unsure how much she wants to say
takes a seat in back.))
definitely seems bitter
cocks her head
considers Kara
smiles slightly
smiles a little more
(might be up for a little shindigery)
stands up and goes to put away the book
ejects brain
watches the brain land on the floor and slide under the refrigerator.
resists the temptation to shoot it like a clay pidgeon.
checks for ATs
knows the feeling
tases Beausabre
grounds beausabre
patpats Beausabre
passes AT some socks.
missed the travel bulitin
checks the weather in Connecticut.
opens DF
flys home thursday
may begin sharing his room wensday
votes yes!
exunts, stage right.
hugs Starf.
takes a look
epic level facepalm
doesn't watch... much of anything
drains a lake in a sloppy and possibly dangerous way
orders the construction of stairs to allow his mason out of the pool bed
turns them all into farmers
now has enough farmers
digs a tunnel to the volcano!
stabs self
cheer +1
is actually ready for nobles this time, mostly
grows a third arm.
finds a real magnetite deposit
dumps annoying stones that the crafters never seem to use into the magma
doubts the elves brought anything useful, but will go meet with them anyway
loves how his clerk got to be very strong, perfectly agile, and extremely tough by becoming a legendary record keeper
ponders the normal function of ghouls
needs a "Fucking wake the fucking army the fuck up" button"
picks ash
puts osmium in charge of covert ops
nods, conceding somewhat
scratches her head
indicates the whiskey
gives her glass a truly chagrined look, and then soldiers up with another sip
looks at the bottle.
arches an eyebrow
checks to see if Enrique is looking, and then tops off her glass
pauses and takes a sip.
knits her fingers and leans forward, paying attention
holds the position for a while, looking intently at Beausabre
takes another sip
stops in mid-shrug.
gives him a look
cocks her head
rankles her nose
gives a blank look... then a questioning look... then looks like she has a minor epiphany
sips as the light bulb flickers into being over Salaah's head.
casts an utterly superior look at Enrique
looks back from enrique, askancing at Beausabre
eyebrow lifts
shakes her head
looks at the bottle. Fullness?
frowns, purses her lips, then downs her entire glass
shuffles his glass between his hands, sliding it on the film of condensation on the bottom.
pauses and watches as Salaah chugs.
holds the glass out
does so, quirking a smile.
drinks it again.
looks offended
shrugs, and pours himself another glass.
says some very accented spanish at Enrique
looks expectantly at Enrique and mutters
murders his innernet connection.
is inordinately entertained by the trails that heavy traffic wears in the ground in DF
has two finals on each thursday and friday
gets to share Texture Update Christmas
feels a bit cheated
tries to talk him into practicing on the winners of BP2
listens to the soothing screams of an enraged german
ponders abusing the u-bend bug to cap his volcano
is having Soul Calibur flashbacks
makes gurgling noises as he crawls towards the kitchen.
kills AT
tries to decide if leaving his mayor in office is going to turn out more destructive than killing her
isn't going to bed yet because he's listening to the rest of Writing Excuses to finish
is feeling morose
remembers it trying to install 'HDMI audio drivers'
seals off his fortress
sets out to build more traps
looks at his magma furnaces a few screens away from that tempting tempting adamantine
finds an area with two magma pits, an underground river and pool, a chasm, adamantine, and utterly no trees.
leaves the anvil behind for more wood.
turns dwarf skills into wood.
knows how to build an atom bomb!
ponders the odds that it's all misinformation to styme anyone who would actually make a bomb
grumbles and makes the route from the entry way to the main fort considerably longer
gives the move two thumbs up!
is transmogrified!
picks up the action figure
notices that his name is mis-spelled.
reads you a facepsalm
sets up sheets of glass around ThermalInfraredfox so that he is blocked from view.
is curious what happens if you click on that link
is probably going to be giving 1s and 2s in backstory
tosses up strips of aluminum foil to confuse RadarFox.
doesn't care, because he's looking at metal snow on Venus.
has already done that on his computer
thinks about it
is tempted to kill the baroness and leave the consort alive, just to see what happens
watches a horde of goblins charge into his heavily trapped entryway
wants a Destroyer!
recommends fry's for all your computing needs. As long as you don't have to pay by check.
botches sleep roll
had a tax collector go insane.
is bored.
tasers Schwartz
is electrified
has been up since 4 pm yesterday afternoon.
should be leaving for the airport in half an hour.
is now imagining a quiet, everpresent proletariat conspiricy in your fortress to kill off those troublesome nobles, accident by accident...
puts all the farmers and cooks and brewers in a millitary unit, and drafts them
contemplates the possibilities of things he could do with a water tower.
hugs Siber.
too slow by five seconds
doors the area off slightly hastily.
grabs Icefox
hands Siber a 7-iron.
hides the bodies of the nobles
makes a note never to run toward dwarves for protection against pursuers
wonders if Nyst actually red the post he quoted...
tries to think of a place a cat can't reach on itself
approaches critical mass.
jiggles whilst giggling
is experiencing massive latency!
starts designing a castle.
gets out the cattle prod
pretends not seeing that
strikes a Dick Solomon-esque pose
throws a brick at Mikk
catches the brick on it's round-the-earth journey
is amused...
slaps language
bets he sounds like his usual hypochondriac self...
notes an irc monolouge
searches for changes in Mikk
finds none!
alsps Siber with a hard cover copy of something titled Excession for some reason
kickbans mikk?
pushes send on the .hod, .mad, and .madstate
waits for it to actually send
sits in a bar!
has consumed a considerable amount of vodka in short order.
shakes his head. In a bar.
leans back.
shrugs expressively.
leans forward
takes the bottle back from Salaah and tops off his glass.
arches an eyebrow
starts and hurries to continue
shakes his head.
widens her eyes
cocks her head
smiles slightly
drains his glass.
glares at her a bit,  but relaxes until she gets to "lifestyle."
shrugs impassively
chooses his words very carefully.
has a crooked grin as he says that.
arches an eyebrow reproachfully
takes this as his cue to be reproachful.
looks embarassed
looks a little prickly, then a little worried...
true enough looks a bit green around the gills
slides out of the booth, wavers a bit, then comes around to Salaah's side to the booth.
holds up an arm and gratefully accepts the help, staying hunched
pulls her up and onto her feet.
holds up his wrist to show the charm bracelet.
says, incredulously, grinning manically
navigates toward the door, a bit unsteadily. He waves at Enrique as they exit. Enrique grunts.
snickers most unladylike
nods and smiles
navigates toward the car.
says, looking a bit mortified
looks horrified... then amused
shakes with laughter
mimics by rapping his knuckle on the roof of the car.
leans her up against the car.
bursts out laughing....and actually falls down as he bends over to pick up the keys he dropped.
cackles evilly.
looks at Beausabre
extends a hand
raises a hand for help.
looks ashamed
looks more ashamed at the thought that she may have offended
looks at her, perplexed...then.
goes to the trunk of the car, and opens it.
pulls out a couple of cases from the trunk and hands them to Salaah .
hums while taking the cases
grabs the remaining cases, and closes the trunk.
nods towards the alley mouth.
hobbles in that direction
leads toward the alley mouth, and into cover behind a dumpster.
does so, and holds tight
reaches across to his wrist.....
is going to bed, and at special request of those that pay the electirc bill, the computer is gettin turned off
will get on that tomorrow as he feels kinda blargarific.
passes out
could easily see releyara or alyshya doing it though
hands Starfyre some butter, for the impending corn
says defensively
puts away the large plot-popping straightpin
is standing over Siber's twitching corpse
just imagines Anakah getting duffed over, growling, and taking a chunk out of starf's heel
... believes so.
did try that
is punching his palm. it seems to hurt the target more and deliver more concentrated force than a closed fist
is trying to figure out what you mean
leaves that for when Mjolnir arives
tries to think of a wrapper for another query about Bilouxi(or whatever it was
sets proximity mines around Starf's location.
is actually alive
is just distracted
ponders turrets on turrets
ponders stuff
ponders dinner.
curses the curavture of the earth.
lays plans
goes zoom?
and Siber strap Icefox to a car and break multiple traffic laws!
, actually, probably sucks them in, reduces them to simpler hydrocarbons, and passes them out as exhaust with about as much fuss as he would the average high-flying vulture.
is exhausted.
ponders an improvised choke bomb made of copier toner and red pepper.
smiles enigmatically.
isn't that familiar with jet lee movies
frowns at Mjolnir
watches a half dozen agents flatten half a building
has little shiny lights
is immediately and unpleasantly reminded of fuckin' Warmonger.
puts on a leather helmet and runs over AT
is a crumpled pile of debris
DEUSEXMACHINAFIVE's Icefox
DEUSEXMACHINAFIVE's AT
wishes he knew more about legitimate wrestling techniques, and not that WWE crap
has more thoughts on talons and tails and assorted deadliness, but those thoughts can wait
strangles Mjolnir for use of the word 'devolves'
brutally murders a puppy
goes into Xalted-withdrawal.
imagines companies selling "counter micro-UAV systems" for $10,000s of dollars....and you find that they are fly swatters.
does that
has no suggestions
sets out to kit his dungeon master out in gold and silver furnishings, 'cause dungeon masters are cool.
stations Archer Squad Alpha next to the mason's workshop.
has shells
imagines a dwarf fortress on a sunny day during a siege, the outer wall packed full of dwarves, each armed with a large mirror
tries designating one large range with multiple targets instead of many single target ranges
disposes of eight useless immigrants, via a drawbridge.
digs for adamantine
makes the preperations
gets ready to build MANY GEARS
starts making it that size.
fires the freem propulsion blasters
adds the echo effect.
liked titan AE too, but he agrees with ther 'sabre
agrees with Starf
drafts the entire fortress, save the miners, and sends them into the pits
sends the miners to crack open the volcano
sets his metal goods stockpile alight
tapes AT to a wall
blinks vigorously
reclaims the fort to see the rest of the lava
watches "Stardust"
loads an old autosave and tries the lval trick again, but better!
glares at Stargate
departs for parts unknown.
is back
looks kinda askance a bit
is pretty apathetic
is holed up in her labs, doing magicy experimentation stuff. No one really knows why she spends so much time there. I don't. And I don't want to either.
will sit it out, then
slumps in, and in a gesture of frustration slumps into one of those nice old armchairs that's still comfortablys quoshy yet kinda threadbare, and angrily jettisons a cravate
shoots a black glare at all and sundry before reaching under the cushion of the armchair and extracting a heavily dogeared and slightly stained script
licks his thumb in a grandmotherly fashion before leafing through the script. Digging out a somewhat bent but still serviceable pair of reading glasses from under aforementioned cushion, he settles on a page and steels himself with a sharp sigh.
glances up at the clunk
says, rubbing his head before licking his lips and starting to crab walk again
makes the turn again and with a foot clumps the door three times
turns back to her work, then pauses.
considers, then sets whatever she's working on in a more secure place
licks his lips and sets his face in even more determined determination, leaning back on his elbows to try and twist the knob with his right foot and push the door open with his left
eyes the rattling door, sighs, and meanders toward it
gets the handle finally and gives a true shove with his left!
yelps and leaps back!
grumbles a bit about warnings
looks thoughtful, and leans to one side in order to free up a hand with which to scratch his chin
looks *unsure*!
thinks, tail twitching
gestures at the bench behind her
hauls AT away from the bench, even if he hasn't so much as twitched towards it
awps and is dragged mercilessly
says, quite defensively
glances back and notes a small curl of smoke coming up from the bench
stops as the smoke registers
scuttles out the door
lopes through the door, slams it, and mutters something under her breath, wards flashing into being
starts crabwalking towards the portal room and motions with his head to follow
looks confused
asks, chirpily bouncing in a crablike fashion
winces as there's a rumbling boom from the door behind her, and smoke curls from under it.
stands up and dusts off
looks askance
pats AT on the shoulder
hugs her close for a moment
gives AT the Eye!
assumes Kicked Puppy stance
says, looking unsteady
grins and claps her shoulder before galloping off on all fours
heads off
is fully kitted out. armor, sword, and a few other various implements and pouches
drops behind AT from the cieling in complete silence, and taps him on the shoulder
slaps at her hand and tries to drag it to his mouth for absent-minded nibbling
twists it free
says, unaware that it is late at night
falls into step
eyes the sword
looks thoughtful and gestures towards a chair
nods sagely
looks around
doesn't, really
((well, she'd probably stick a head down and see what's up. Rel and AT are somewhat noticable to her))
motions towards the doorway to the first floor
starts climbing the stairs
says, opening the door to Reality and taking a cautious look around for Schrodinger's Cat
arches an eyebrow
says, moving almost instinctively to the old kitchen
is in fact in the kitchen, sampling some odd bit of leftovers.
says absently before turning back
says, in that particular cadence that is Patrick Stewart's specialty
nods to kara
manages to bristle and wince at the same time
holds up two fingers and looks somewhat apologetic
turns to Kara
shaves her head
knudges Reyla
looks at Releyara
sounds just a bit greedily curious there
shrugs, her armor appearing as she does
smiles and places the food back in the fridge, replacing it in her hands with her weaponry.
investigates the spear and arches an eyebrow
also has a short sword.
manifests a long, rounded, broad rifle looking thing with a worrying number of little lights across its surface and a thin crusting of black matter on its edges
eyes the techy stuff with the air of someone steeling herself to eat an unpleasnt meal at the cooomand of her parrents
eyes it as well
is not reassured
begins, addressing Releyara as he opens one of his own portals to the sphere... +
finishes licking croissant crumbs of his fingers and flips to the next page
crouches down slightly, and her eyes dart towards any hints of motion
is foiled in her crouching, due to the general floatyness of herself
shivers slightly, actually seeming uncomfortable with her floatyness
gets out a yellow sticky note from his sleeve and pastes it to his forehead and turns to Releyara.
has set mode ++paranoia
tracks a particularly persistent shadow
sounds intruiged
points up
glances up
scratches his neck, Toshiro Mifune style
mutters something forign
offers an arm to Releyara
hooks an arm around AT
works a bit of magic and begins floating in the proper direction
seconds the question
talks whilst he walks
says, proudly
says this sounding like she already knows the answer, and doesn't like it
smiles again
loosens her sword
indicates an approaching yawning pit
floats over it, then beginds 'decent'
says to Kara and Releyara respectively
quickly 'pings' the Sphere's magical computer array. It's a fairly simple aura trick, actually
begins doing twisty things with her own magic
says, as they casually float into a much larger circular chamber. On one side there are darker panels, and the blue light is considerably brighter
starts messing with her aura to similate AT
's outer aura shifts and twists, then makes an attempt to emulate his manuver
does another little aura twist
redemonstrates the twist
duplicates, but shakes his head
shakes his head
gestures around him
grins at Releyara
looks around
gives two more complicated aura commands. One generates nice blue rune figure control panels twisted into tubes reaching from the floor to ceiling. the other turns the walls transparent. Behind them is the nothing of intergalactic space, crisscrossed with a number of weblike assemblages. Most notably an orange light can be seen burning amongst the tracery. On the other side... the tracery seems to knit together into a solid wall.+
says, not humbly at all
points at a feature, mostly at random
turns to a control console and stares at it. His aura arcs out to intersect with the control runes he chooses to access, and a display pops into being cleanly over the vague area Kara is pointing at
narrows his eyes
doesn't say much, staring untill the question comes
is thoroughly derailed
begins one such bit of magic
watches AT intently
hits a number of symbols, calling up a scale schematic of the sphere. It's actually a couple of nested spheres, and inside there's a small area relatively speaking full of tiny pinpricks. Some objects are highlighted by circles, others not
indicates a point on the outer sphere
rubs his head
swipes another control, and the display zooms out to show a worrying number of blue arcs
paces, hands clasped behind his back
takes a moment to contemplate the scale.
takes a couple more.
nods, not really willing to show her relative ignorance of the matter
shakes her head
inclines a head
pulls out a little book, and starts taking notes like mad
can just see a buch of goverment officials leafing through documents franticly "It's got to be in here somewhere! We've got to be able to pin something on them!"
passes out.
nods sagely
wonders how often anakah and salaah spar or otherwise interact, seeing as they had an early relationship that got a bit rocky
goes down his To Do List.
is going to have breakfast
is reminded of Stalin vs Hitler
ponders the change caused by making Fatora straight, flipping one gender to fit, and leaving everything else alone
typos bad
looks at Beausabre and shakes his head
attempts to hate Beausabre to death
charges up!
snickers a mighty snickering
lays a hand on Siber's shoulder
posts a comment.
eyes his flaky old laptop.
knows, that if he were a teacher, he would write a big, red FAIL across the papers of them that deserves it.
suspects Mjolnir of being The Man
has now seen the first half of I am Legend!
points at george
makes little quote signs in the air around "The Man".
steals siber's hat
proceeds with kitten fuled dwarven agricultural comunism
votes for that plan.
smites AT
is looking for a link
is attempting to determine the optimal shape for having an exacto knife glued to your fingertips
tries to imagine a demon cutting wood with talons
has them curved slightly towards the palm for aesthetic reasons, and because it'd improve the grabbing significantly
is holding a pen up to his finger to test
is reminded of the girl in his networking class with fingernails several inches long
starts tapdancing with a cane and a high hat
leaves it at that
fails at programing.
ponders the use of appropriating the mantis shrimp's weapon type for incorperation in bigger things
is at the whimsical mercy of an energetic two-year-old
notes that the last to icefox wasn't in memo form
delivers a good whack over Mjolnir's head
FORGETS THE CAPSLOCK!
is playing DF adventure mode
will try sleeping
incapable of sleep
stabs KD8
flips idly through the notes and text
's calculus textbook had an author list three pages long
shakes his head
is going to have to take extra time writing his course evaluation
has toothbrush in mouth
ignores Starfyre
hugs Siber, and gives him a flamethrower.
fights bears
leaves for the airport in half an hour.....
didn't know the second fact untill later
occasionally thinks the same thing of other Unix-y things like groff and ar and cpio.
wonders how they'd work if you covered an entire window with 'em.
considers asking for a roll in exalted to determin if CotBW thinks they need an army, 'cause he's being indescisive
rants aimlessly
already gave some, I belive
has landed
has never lived long enough to fiddle with them.
realizes he filled out his fafsa for the wrong damn year
grabs Siber by the lapels and shakes him, a wild expression on his face.
fuckin' dies.
flees up the stairs
starts his fourth character!
starts his second!
makes the same character in Old Crawl
tries one more time
does the pillar dance!
has never heard of it
has three curare tipped needles
passes level 4!
tries his curare darts
FLYS AWAY
comes around a corner... and finds himself right next to the damn ogre
is pondering replacing all instances of panzer battalion in the song with the phrase 'Kushan Destroyer'
did watch those, but couldn't remeber
stabs wings
likes it
hunts food.
silently removes himself as he's only confusing people
plans on replacing them with SMGs at least in part
ganks the healer
will now begin editing process!
jabs Icefox with a cattle prod.
TFG's Siber.
puts on rubber shoes, grounds Siberfox at an ankle with a loop of copper braid, and picks up a bare wire leading to a wall outlet
will vouch for the camera flash capacitor thing.
lounges on the couch, keypad on his leg, images playing across the inside of his glasses
is a growing whine followed by a thump in the back yard.
limps into the living room, dragging his workout bag...
might be sitting on top of the TV, watching Doctor Who re-runs upside-down with rapt attention.
flicks over a toggle, making his glasses fully clear, and looks up Beausabre. He ignores the strange noises due to lack of alarm from Melusine
winces at Siber's all too moderate voice....
drops his bag and collapses into a chair.
is a loud crack from one of the trees out side.
winces as if in pain.
materializes in the living room.
walks in the back door carrying a bag that is squirming viggerously.
sits up abruptly
turns around in the chair to see Rylah come into the back door.
plops the bag on the dinning room table, it sits for a moment, then tries to squirm away.
turns to see Rylah and grins
looks mildly disgruntled.
winces at Siber's shout.
walks in carrying three suit cases, two duffel bags, and two back packs.
smiles at Siber as she ties the bag to one of the legs of the table.
intercepts Rylah with a hug
is hugged as she stands up.
investigates the bag, carefully.
wiggles her arms free enough to return the hug.
exhales as he drops...everthing.
kind of waves from the chair...
opens the bag, and peeks into it.
releases Rylah and looks at the bag
takes it out of the bag, peers at it, and then drops it in Beausabre's lap.
peers at Beausabre.
stares back.
hops up and hugs Rylah, then Schwartz, then Siber just sorta because, then goes back to watching Beausabre and the grasshopper.
claps it's antennae together with a spark and hops away.
winces, and reaches into the bag for a pistol.
was moving towards Ryah and Siber as he gets hugged.
gets hugged again.
finally stands up, pistol in hand, and keeps an eye on the grasshopper. He's a bit unsteady on his feet.
looks skeptical, but safes the pistol and tucks it into his waistband.
laughs a bit at the suggestion
gestures at the luggage.
winks and nudges appropriately.
stops and looks at Icefox....
gives Icefox and Beausabre a suspicious look.
says, good naturedly
snorts, and winces.
grins weakly.
walks in the room again and says,
looks a bit green.
is distracted by the idea of a shaved werewolf Schwartz
can tell Siber is distracted and adds,
shakes his head....regrets it...and picks up his bag.
heads off, with all the enthusiasm as if his appointment is with his executioner.
goes along to watch!
gives Siber the finger!
rolls his eyes
points to the light above the dinning room that has a giant robotic grasshopper clinging to the ceiling behind it.
opens the door and steps outside.
looks at Schwartz through the back door, then up at the grasshopper, then at Siber.
asks with a look that says she hasn't given it much thought.
smiles abit.
moves over to the couch and sits.
pulls a chair close as if to put her feet up on it, and swings around so her legs are hanging over the back of the couch and rests her head on the chair.
looks at Siber and asks,
voips out of existance!
reads the wikipedia for The Forbidden Kingdom.
swaps out for Chrono.
explodes in a dazzling ball of gore
picks up the gray matter.
did it over lunch
looks innocent.
wikis the thing
sharpens his hammer
loads his tranq darts with caffiene
wants to play a text adventure game where grow A PAIR is a command
shoots schwartz with a tranq dart full of caffiene
peaks instantly, then passes out.
hands Starfyre lots of candy.
likes the lable on the bottle
wonders how he could have overlooked digestive alterations as a survival tweak
remembers when the simpsons didn't suck
stabs caplocks and ponders healing magic vs tooth decay
is beginning to frikking hate political campaigns
runs back to the up stairs to escape some annoying monsters, runs over to another set of down stairs, and arrives back in the same place
kills them good
buys a wand of fire
abuses his wand of fire
summons a 1
abuses grammar.
wonders wether he wants to bug Beausabre about possible events or take a pickaxe to his own skull and then sleep
voips into kentukey and approaches the door with little fuss
is waiting for Shakti this time. The front door opens and she is waiting behind it before Shakti even manages to knock.
is taken aback a bit by the door opening pre-knock, but recovers
reaches out and half-drags Shakti inside.
blinks, and gets pulled in
takes Shakti's arm in hers and walks her deeper into the house.
leads her past the sitting room and library and deeper back into the house. She opens the door...and reveals a greenhouse, which rises above the floor like a massive iron bird cage, the panes of glass stained  and milky with age. IN the center is a large tree...and the air is humid and peaty.
gestures for Shakti to sit in a chair. The items she left are arranged on a table next to it.
sits obediently
nods and walks to the table. "Please, do."
picks up the large wreath.
gives a ladylike shrug. "I cannot tell."
goes back to the table and picks up an envelope and the small "voodoo" doll.
sets the little doll up on the table, and pulls out one of the little bundles of herbs from the envelope. She sits in another chair, and puts the herbs in her mouth, and starts chewing.
's voice trails off, and her head slumps forward.
is alarmed
does not respond!
stirs on the table, and stands up. The primitive face daubed on the doll turns toward Shakti and looks at her with sightless eyes.
is reaching across the table to give Deirdre a shake when the doll moves, and pauses to stare at it
waves one arm at Shakti in greeting, and then stumps over to a pad and pen on the table. It has no "hands", but fibers sticking from the end of the arms grip the barrel of the pen and start drawing on the pad.
writes: "Did not mean to alarm. Am fine. Takes concentration."
goes back to writing.
pauses to put the pen down and tear off the top sheet.
pauses for a moment, then writes:
entertains the idea for a moment of picking the doll up and tossing it into the air, but supposes that wouldn't be appreciated
amplifies: "None of MY bones broken either."
draws a little smiley face on the tablet.
pauses, then writes: "Done if no questions?"
stirs in her chair. Her first motions are a bit uncoordinated, and she's embarrased to discover that she's been drooling a bit.
pulls out a handkerchief, and wipes her mouth and spits out the herbs quietly. "Almost. You have to concentrate on the doll to get it to..."synch up" is the word, I think."
me nods again
gets out her chair and wobbles a bit.
clears her throat and picks up a notebook. She flips to a page, and reads her notes.
reads down the page.
turns to the table and rummages around for something, muttering "Now...where did you get too.....Ah!"
turns around...and has a fuzzy green catepillar-like thing on her hand. It's about as long as her hand, and it raises its head as she scratches it under the "chin". It makes a buzzing sound, by vibrating its hairs together.
makes cooing noises at the green...thing.
drapes the worm over her shoulder. "I can't tell honestly. The closest I've seen to this is some golems, but this has the rudiments of a personality. And no...its too small, I think. But he can be mercurical in his like and dislikes."
turns around and produces a pot, which has a small green sprout and several tendrils coming out.
sets the pot down on the table next to Shakti and steps back.
leans in
has a discernible aura of its own....which seems to be weak reflection of Deirdre's aura.
seems almost giddy!
isn't listening.
registers that.
looks at the plant critcally.
mulls that over a bit
looks a bit shocked. "I...see. That is a bit different...."
((tears away from a rant at sibling))
stands up
considers how to have scrying Siber fail spectacularly
plants explosives on Schwartz .
gives Beausabre a bit 'ol hug.
nostalgia fives Icefox
nostalgia fives AT.
fires a beam of pure nega-energy right at Icefox's adam's apple
falls back to evade it, does a BACKWARDS rolling breakfall, and comes up in a fighting stance.
space fives Icefox!
space fives AT!
tries to think of a good name for that.
hates his job
edges away from AT
thought it odd that they used anything except nukes in missiles.
finally found a piece of music he was searching for for ages
muzzles schwartz
whistles and wanders away
kicks at Starfyre as he walks away.
bows a sketch
hugs Beausabre.
looks innocent
still got a B!
opens Wings!
suggest plastic gloves!
considers napalm...
has doubts that craps was invented even by then.
ponders Exalted.
can say that he never buried a body in the middle of the night during college.
is dekidneyfied!
ponders a sort of inverted centaur
lurches toward Siber
throws a net over Beausabre and has Mel call Shakti
calls in a healing strike from somewhere off screen.
puts on a completely innocent confused look
tosses the net off.
stabs Wiki-site for being dumb
assumes the role of understudy's understudy with pride!
is mildly annoyed.
just said it out loud: ffuh
needs sleep soon
looks at AT.
strikes Starfyre with all his might... using a healin' staff
inches away from AT.
is crunched. And healthy, but crunched
hopes the former
prepares a pit trap for Starfyre
contributes some spikes.
starts skype
dumps about a gallon of red mercury on Starfyre.
is a nuclear power!
imagines Wings might be a bit put-out by the accomdations aforded by a barbarian tribe
is on the phone right now anyway.
adresses the group over breakfast.
looks a bit irked. "I suppose this means more tramping across this damp tundra you call home?"
shrugs "The weather's good for it. Unless you prefer going to battle outnumbered?"
winces. "No, we nearly didn't succeed against a handful of this lord's weaker creations. We will need the help...if they will give it."
picks some arbirtary direction to head off in
murders CotBW in his sleep.
probably heads east, in any case
bitches the whole time they walk.
constantly insists that the weather is fantastic
steadfastly ignores the two of them, and ensures he is not between them
looks at Cerin speculatively. "That maybe an idea."
hopefully knows which languge to greet the riders in, and does so
looks to CotBW
seems a bit reluctant to say more about how she Exalted or her martial arts skill...and is thankful for the diversion of the arriving tribesmen.
can't ride!
mounts up without difficulty
notes that the tiger can't ride, but it's probably not expected to
runs away.
chases shcwartz out with a broom
locks the door behind Starfyre.
relays this generally, emphasising that knocking down the lord could serve as an example to the other lords to keep out
quietly to Erakyll: "This is summer?"
whispers back. "yeah. once winter hits, half the time the snow is knee-deep."
may be exxagerating just a hair, but not much
can't very well refuse the hospitality!
can provide help learning to ride
bursts out of his quarters to see what is happening
heads out to see what's up, too
acquires weapon, then heads out
does too....not out of Cerin's quarters, you know...her own.
((Doesn't make a tasteless joke about ride training, however much he wants to.))
((doesn't smite cotbw))
attempts to collar a local and find otu what those particular alarm calls mean
puts on her bracers and claws, the follows the rest.
quickly dons his smashfists
informs the rest of the celectials of this peice of news and runs off to go throw pointy things at some Wyld barbarians
notse that the tiger will have grown something like nine inches taller in the last two weeks
does MATH
is definitely going to go with finding a way to get the cat to talk and using it as a court herald
PM bombs
bets the latter
hopes next session has some chance to beat the crap out of something.
sees Icefox throwing increasingly unreasonable, fanatic, or just plain uninteligent enemies at us to get around Fen talking out of everything
does the happy murderous dwarf dance.
shows a tattoo on the leg that says "100% Original".
still wants to see a full party of paladins
cackles evilly.
actually wants to play WoW again. Damnit.
burns a couple points of 'no money'
ponders the eternal struggle
went AFK for a little longer than he'd hoped
thwaps Starfyre
cheers the internet on
didn't quite think of that issue.
considers a nuclear powered motorcycle
is short on stone!
watches lumber get chopped, stored, and imediately used
digs a shorter path bettwen the lumber stockpile and the carpenter
hugs Starf for providing  him with facts.
ships siber off to the camps
looks at his mystical semi-utopian world where some that Knows Better burned it down and started over
remembers he has to read from right to left.
is reading about UFO sightings on wikipedia!
reaches critical mass and kills all around him.
sits on Siber.
will have to play this video for his neice. Maybe.
grabs Starfyre by the labels, wild-eyed.
adjusts his glasses.
steeples his fingers
drops the nonsense
is still planning on doing the lashiel bit eventially. maybe.
judges the odds of releyara holding it over kara's head
thinks you should start doling out Limit
falcon punches Ice
falcon punches Icefox
flies off the edge of the screen and explodes in a dazzling ball of flavors.
said while bobbing to the cantina
already has gone to google!
finds a new reason to be annoyed with Call Of Duty
is now annoyed with the players of Call of Duty instead of the game itself
moves one step closer to supporting fratricide
gives Siber the battery-powered drill just in case, and goes off to his physics exam.
rushes one of the main enemy spawn points and pain nests with grenades and shotgun
finally takes it!
belives spheroid is the right term
gets a sudden mental image of Adrasteia's avatars prowling through magic-soaked jungle, hunting monsters
steals siber's shoelaces for science.
wonders if and how much two different reality-distorting effects, magic and adrasteia, would affect each other
is going to go be social with the sociable sibling
netepathies siber
attacks with needlers!
wonders just how fireproof a demon would be, as immune seems rather arbitrary
is pretty sure that whatever payment they demand would be is something other than money
sad he missed it
imagines someone opening a closet and finding a bunch of Chanathal avatars standing in it, catatonic
considers something to increase attention to detail in the senses. "Wow, your hair is really green! I haven't noticed that in forever!"
is sorry he wasn't arround for the last memo blitz
tapes screenshots to Icefox's face
el sigh
attempts to hide small rodents in Starfyre's long flowing hair.
wonders how Anakah would deal with a somewhat chemically altered Shakti
runs around in little circles
notes that this is a rehtorical question.
tripples his rate of greenhouse gas production in DF
thinks if told to take shakti 'somewhere interesting', it could range from nowhere to hell to a nice lake she found recently
could see her trying to get the ban lifted
does too
assumes a no biting rule is in effect for any sparring
wonders how kara would be armed
thinks kara will probably bring a knife or two for that.
figures that kara will at least be polite enough to stay away from holy magic
has been tossing around the idea that damage done by holy magic regenerates a helluva lot slower
smelts cows
considers sealing his fortress up and flooding the world
curses his computer.
locks the mayor's bedroom door
lights up Mjolnir with a 94 GHz radar.
steams slightly
turns it off.
puts a funny hat on Schwartz.
comes to life and starts telling people how to live their lives.
uses the TFG to give Schwartz a few more decades
shakes his head
ambushes Starfyre with petnuias
is done
leaves the antenna parented in this strange way and fires up HW2
adds the frigate back to his starting fleet and tries again
screams, though
switches to the side without negative rotations
closes it again
stuffs sev into a sack
hunts for the turret psd
says, dramatique flourishe
has photoshop cs3
would rejoice more if 3dmax weren't on #%&@ing back order.
does too
will not be getting every new version.
fires up google
finishes writing up a mini tutorial for texturing for the new HW@ recruit
mostly here
presents Mjolnir with a Tetris game.
gives Icefox a celebratory wedgie.
posts the link elsewhere and gets a pretty unanimous confrimation
personally thinks that kasumi is in the running as most fanservicy fighting game chick of all time
thinks they should have quit pussyfooting around and just made her a luchadore
meant to place that after the bit about practical outfits
*loves* the plasma grenade attack
is dead serious.
enjoys the idea of counting on fingers in binary
considers bed
says in super slow motion.
thrashes around in violent death throws....and dies.
is working on more stuff like last night.
falls over
has nothing at all against it.
aims the copy/paste gun at AT.
has a coworker with a girlfriend like that.
bets the reason he bailed in the dead of night was because he wanted to avoid anyone rightfully telling him that his gf would ruin his life
hugs Siber.
fires up defcon
fires up UT2K4
replaces the flour with sodium perchlorate.
suspects we're thinking too hard.
turns Siber's vocabulary dial up from "One".
turns it to zero.
cranks the dial to the other stop.
takes the controls away, fiddles with them, then hides them.
has been rather maudlin today
hugs Starfyre.
is glad it wasn't a dead-on collision. Just the frint corners skipping off each other.
thinks half the reason that siber's brother snuck out in the dead of night was so he could make off with the xbox without argument.
isn't sure
drinks icefox's milkshake
, not in a forgiving mood.
thwaps icefox
immolates with rightous fury, and goes back to writing his stupid language.
thinks it's because the people writing the new whatever are cribbing a lot from the old stuff
dusts off and nukes 'em from orbit. It's the only way to be sure.
eyes Siber suspiciously.
laughs at Siber's discomfiture!
builds several extra butcher shops and starts depopulating the domestic animals
checks the speed readout.
available, now
wonders how much force you'd have to be able to generate to pull off gravitational lenses for lasers
names his pet seabird "Delusional."
favors one of the first two options
has returned to the House finally, and is making herself back at home.
appears with little warning or fanfare, as if he lives there! The nerve
is rooting around in the fridge, and has an apple a bottle of supplement.
lurks in the kitchen entry way
stands up when she's addressed, and has another apple in her mouth. She takes it out.
is speaking in speaking in somewhat stilted English.
indicates the apples
takes a bite of the apple with relish.
doesn't sound quite convincing.
pooks skeptical
suddenly looks a lot less hungry...
gets the door
follows him out, and takes a seat on one of the benches. Her height makes her look almost comical sitting on the bench, looking almost like an adult sitting on a child's bench.
sits down next to her
hesitates, and lapses back into Trade when she starts.
smiles a little.
struggles to find the word. <A commodity. A component. Just like the way 'sabre and Shakti did.>
nods again. <She said as much.>
sighs, then starts.
takes a deep breath.
pauses for a moment.
waits patiently
is busily being a good listener!
looks a bit sheepish.
smiles slightly
grins at that.
then shrugs. <After that...well, there wasn't much after that. They mopped the last of the androids, and we waited for a ship from Titan to arrive to refuel...and we headed back. There was a bit of damage to Little Bird, so we had to get that repaired.>
shrugs again. < After that...everybody left, except Icefox, and we put Little Bird back together. Meryll didn't say anything about what had happened, and Belle didn't ask. It was like it hadn't happened, and there we were trying to fix the damage....>
shakes her head.
looks somewhat unnerved
says this in english, and mostly to himself
looks at him quizzically.
waves it off
nods. <I want to take Little Bird out there and mix it up with them myself.>
remembers her apple, and takes a bite.
looks at him for a moment, then nods. <All right.>
grins, and takes another bite of her apple.
is SecuROM free!
considers fleeing
produces a photo
shakes his head
has long since come to the conclusion that everyone at AT's college is neurotic.
agrees with Siber
picks up jane and shoots george in the face.
has been there
christens AT an eggman
remembered the second he hit enter
isn't going to be here for the majority of tommorrow either
hammers Schwartz
arches an eyebrow
mauls a redshirt and slinks out of the camera's view in time for a commercial break
changes his shirt.
doesn't really watch much anime.
likes george rr martins work, but goddam, after you tell the same scene from ten different people's perspectives, move on already.
fires up warcraft 3
ponders enertron malfunctions
thwaps Mjolnir
annoys his roommate into helping him move stuff.
thinks he doesn't want a warhead the size of what the Umiak are probably throwing going off a hundred feet away.
thinks the reports of Siber being alive are overblown.
doesn't know particularly much about optics, so...
looks at Schlock Mercenary
gets worried.
inquires as to Beausabre's general feeling about stuff. Spesifically.
pops into the living room at some unspesified time of day, apparently wearing her undersuit under otherwise normal clothing, and holding a bottle of clear liquid.
is hanging around the living room, watching something on a holographic display with a Scowl on his face.
is sacked out on the couch, asleep.
looks around the room, somewhat wide-eyed, and then makes her way to behind Beausabre to look over his shoulder intently
startles at Shakti's arrival, and wipes out the display.
turns to look at the sleeping Icefox. She doesn't seem to be blinking particularly often.
looks at Shakti, then at Icefox, and then back at her. His eyes narrow.
takes a drink and looks back at Beausabre
seems a hair aprehensive, then shrugs
sits up and stretches, rubbing his eyes.
suddenly has an image of Shakti giving Icefox a magical haircut, and snerks.
starts a thought, stops it, then hears the snerk and reddens a bit and mutters "you just look a bit rumpled... probably bed-head..."
shakes himself, scruffles his fur out, smooths it back down, and shrugs.
thinks about something. "Wait, you can detect Siret but not...modified Siret? How much do you have to be modded before your 'spider senses' stop working?"
grins and sings.  "Shakti-man, Shakti-man, doin' the things a Shakti can..."
swigs from the bottle again and surveys the room somewhat aimlessly.
tries to remember whether Shakti is ticklish...
looks around...."I...don't know?"
shakes herself a bit and grins
sketches out lines in the air "Like an old game with just vector art or something. Kinda trippy in it's own right. I needed Settesa to make sure I didn't run into anything."
hops over to perch on Shakti's head.
gets up from his chair. "So, you just hanging out, or do you have anything specific to do?"
shrugs... and bats at Icefox lightly
bats back.
heads for the stairs
stays behind, and opens the hologram display again.
is up in her room, installed in the connection terminal modelled after her command chair on Little Bird.
knocks and then cracks the door. Icefox is presumably along for the ride
is in her chair, and a blizzard of hologram displays surround her head. "Hey! Both of you!"
disconnects from the chair, stands up and stretches.
nods, then thinks.
grins...then notices Shakti's expression and intensity. <Are you alright?>
leans over and hugs Shakti. <This is for you coming to get me the other day.>
hugs her back <Like I could've not come. I could help, so I did.>
doesn't let go
finally breaks the hug and sniffles, and looks up at Icefox. <I got one for you too, if you can come down from there.>
grins and waves a hand, and Marrighan levitates up to a level even with him.
laughs, and gives him his hug.
stares at the probable geometric impossibiltiy of this arrangment in general, unless the place has really really high ceilings everywhere.
rolls her eyes
ruffles Shakti's hair.
looks a bit unsettled at being reminded of her previous hijacking. You know, the one where she died.>
notices the change of expression in Marrighan
nods...and ruffles Shakti's hair in turn.
looks slightly annoyed that people keep doing that, but shrugs it off
considers Shakti working up an illusion for Marri sos he'll attract less attention out and about
shakes george
hands siber a first aid kit
is so very happy
muzzles AT
smitates AT
hands AT a conciliatory cookie
nom nom nom
mines for headset
bounces up and down at the thought of killing people!
puts on her bracers and claws.
is armoring up!
looks around as they get closer to the screaming and fire: "Do we have a plan, or are we just being stupid again?"
does not believe there is a plan aside from generaly mayhem
holds on
leaps over the heads of the crowd, directly at the barbarian leader.
spent peripheral pool
sticks with the Boss.
flurries raider E for two strikes
boots up the dwarffort
struggles to remember
posts that for the background....
finishes putting the emu burgers in the freezer
bleeds. And has splinters.
thwaps Beausabre with a small coffee table.
ponders the details of lidar systems
grabs siber by his lapels and shakes him
, fortunately, is already dead or seriously maimed
hobbles back in
ponders flywheel energy storage... and considers that it could possibly be used in Settesa and her ilk
drops a water balloon on mjolnir through a greased tube
digs around in the hall closet
throws something at Starfyre
ponders stuff
ponders bed.
ponders photon counters on the way to bed
considers a shakti versus an alyshya trying to get permission to leave the basement
puts away the snare traps
looks all innocent
lurks, bored and... well, probably just bored.
finds herself in an unfamiliar area of the basment. She appears mostly normal, save that she's wearing her armor underlayer beneath her clothes and doesn't appear to be blinking frequently enough. She seems to be inspecting random wall hangings or art or door handles
wanders by, sees shakti, and begins sneaking up on her
is unreasonably enthralled by some inconsequental bit of something
makes it all the way behind shakti, and shouts "BOO!" as she grabs shakti's shoulders and wrestles her over.
yelps and jumps, reflexively trying to put distance bettwen them, but Alyshya gets the best of her
struggles, then gets a good look at who's got her and gets something of a sneer of distaste before trying to shove Alyshya off her
sticks her tongue out at shakti, then rises to her feet, dusting herself off.
scrambles to her own feet and backs away from Alyshya a bit
makes a show of considering the question
finds her attention on Alyshya. One might accuse her of staring
probably doesn't mind that sort of thing too much
is silent, then shakes her head and re-aims her wandering gaze. "Huh?"
jumps up and down and points an arm in the direction of the staircase
snerks, attempts to contain herself, then lets go and starts laughing in earnest
takes a step towards shakti, looking irritated
appears to find this idea hillarious
grabs shakti by the shoulders and shakes her
stops laugh and knocks away the hands, stepping back again
pouts more
appears to have found a remarkably interesting ceiling tile and stopped listening.
mrrnrnmbles, and waves something shiny in front of shakti
tracks it!
shakes herself and looks back at Alyshya
deflates, her face an odd mixture of embarrassment and sudden realization
mumbles something about mortals handling things differently
crosses her arms and waits
thinks about how vindictive she wants to be... and decides to see how far Alyshya can keep going
sounds hopeful with that last sentence fragment
blinks at the last
thinks it over
looks hopeful
shakes her head
looks dubious
looks fairly bothered by that
licks her limps nervously, then suddenly looks at her empty hands
gives shakti a close look
is focusing on Alyshya in front of her to keep from being distracted by anything on the walls
reaches the kitchen, and points out the water
pours herself a large glass of it and downs it hastily, then refills it again and hangs on to it
sorta freezes, then sighs
takes a seat and wags a finger at shakti.
rolls her eyes
does the eye roll again
takes another drink
waves a ring'd hand back and forth in front of shakti
starts tracking it quickly, then shakes herself and looks annoyed
looks baffled
seems a bit more together as she heads out and towards the stairs
fetches something dead and bloody from ze kitchen.
didn't originally intend on alyshya ambushing her, but with the given situation, she probably couldn't resist.
has elephants in his fortress!
considers alyshya coming back a bit drugged up, and then wonders how you would tell the difference
thinks alyshya has a warped view of a lot of things
wonders how it'd have gone over if Shakti had asked for an appology for 'being such a bitch'
misreads a portion of the backlog as "the class was called "sinister marriage and the family"
runs away.
hunts down the key repeat settings
hugs AT.
swishes his cape and adjusts his jaunty chapeau
begins construction of eleventy billion mineshafts
just knows at some point, someone will say 'yeah, we didn't destroy them because they were big and expensive to replace', but now that the war's really on, we destroy them because they're big and expensive to replace'
considers the option that the FTL drive is just really, really heavy, and you can't do decent evasive manuevers with it.
considers the idea of FTL drives on lease form the Bentusi
is reminded of MoO 3's New Orions, who do nothing except sit around and not answer your phone calls or show up and say "BOOGA BOOGA" at one of your planets and then leave
gives Icefox a cookie
annihilates western civilization through sheer stress.
strangles Mithril
doesn't remember that ship
ponders high-volume communication between different planes/parallel universes and an interdimensional internet
informs Beausabre that he has at least one memo
dresses Ifurita up in a Nadesico Earth Forces uniform and flings her at AT.
agrees with AT
imagines a special forces team pole vaulting over the wire, and getting shot at the apex
expires noisily.
starts up steel production in earnest
hates on his router for using gratuitous javascript in the config webpage.
starts up coke production inearnest
stabs Photobuccket
had an interesting thought.
checks his pulse.
dies...with style.
's lifeless body aplauds Sev for his unyeilding spirit
is reduced to cinders
steals schwartz's shoes so he can't escape
looks at the end of his legs and realizes....he has no feet any more....
points at the severed feet in Starfyre's hands.
glares at starfyre.
hands them back to schwartz
swipes them back.
beats his head against the wall
drops one rock
dusts off and nukes it from orbit, just to be sure
sets fire to the new Engineering Dean.
looks at .emacs files
has a sudden urge to reimplement Blender in Lisp
hugs Mjolnir, and gives him a cookie.
makes sure he has his crosses and holy water on hand.
wishes icefox some luck
and gives him his lucky necklace
dives back into the beauracracy of New Jersey, now contending for the most irritating state of all time.
considers someone building a time machine, and true to the idea that you can't go back further than the invention of the first time machine, tour groups streaming out of it immediately
takes away Beausabre's megaphone
looks momentarily lost...
hides it.
suspects someone's bee playing portal
considers that the Siret could probably have reasonably meanigful thinking capacity metrics for themselves
tries to imagine desiging one's own mind and brain
kind of thinks Dynamoes should be Melnorme tech
thinks he should play more SC2 at some point
tases Siber, bro
reaches slowly for Siber's ears. Slooooooowly.
is in gripping range of Siber's ears, y/n?
grabs and pulls down
simply assumes his parents are smarter than him
remembers his last physics final
assumes this is another exalted game
prokes Siber
races to beat these guys before the demo time limit ends
is watching
hugs AT.
didn't even mention the 300 pound biker with the air horn.
is happiness and gaiety
indvidualy twitches
goes kerploik
goes into his documents folder
creates TotallyUnimportantFileNobodyNeedsToRead.txt
opens it, adds the text "nosy bastard", saves it, and closes it forever
dies heroically
dies in a spetacular fasion.
gives Starfyre a medal
looks at the left
looks at the right
moves on
notes that he was in another room for a considerable amount of time and came back just as someone joined.
once again suspects himself of powers man was not meant to know!
was unimpressed.
plots revenge
just read Samaritan's post in the "strategies for reduced aging" thread.
makes a post about Loroi and Umiak tactics somewhat based on experience in Defcon
goes to walk the dog
suspects a staged video
watches Beausabre01
disables rant mode
attends a state college, and the only grad student he saw teaching a class was only a year from his doctorate.
mostlikely will not visit france, ever.
glares at new jersey.
feels sorry for the people who got hurt, but damn, if you moved back in afterwards, you made a major mistake.
brandishes his smitation rod
hates axe.
says with false enthusiasm
imagines Mjolnir in a JRPG
attempts to contrive a way to get clear closeup pictures of spiders
ponders stuff
is probably going to bed soon.
builds a Pet Removal Structure for his fortress
still can't quite get past some of the props
wonders if fireblade will have to psychicly bitch slap alex...
ponders A Boot to Head spell
objects on the grounds of his creative partner being asleep.
has fun writing.
needs to work on school work tonight.
is trying to install something...
imagines a clerk or lawyer gently cleaning a room full of contracts
puts an ear tag and tracking collar on SchwartzClass as he is obviously and endangered species.
puts the same on Beausabre to observe his migration.
wanders off.
tries to read his ear tag...
watches Beausabre spin
puts an ear tag and tracking collar on Starfyre.
tries to be unobtrusive.
has his own ear tag and tracking collar as well.
pushes the tags and collars into Siber's hands!
tugs at the collar irritably
detonates from excessive poking
gives the stuff to Adrasteia
eyes adrasteia
makes a spreadsheet to calculate how much material he'll need to put every dwarf in full steel plate
gets to burning
loathes automated xomputer systems
burns down fedex headquarters
sets rage off
is in a thoroughly bad mood.
decides he's going to go outside and shoot some things.
mutters impolite things about phone companies
consumes root beer float
consumes old dairy, various plants and starches, and heated muscle tissue. And root beer
is back
tiles lies about AT all over the floor.
tiles your MOM all over the floor
registers that band name
and Icefox are considering learning to speek in Orz
notes that Icefox agrees
is cut off by a land mine that Mjolnir planted the last time AT brought it up
applies mop
pours the rubish into an AT shapped mold and throws it in the oven
cuts out everyhing bettwen 'chew' and 'is' and still has a true statement
goes to the backlog...
throws something at Icefox
applies point to the soft and tender parts of AT.
is tempted to drawinate that countryside
throws lit matches at Titan.
implodes with hatred for many things.
punches it.
is not familiar with the Ahttp protocall
screams for 30 seconds
drops a simulacrum of Iron Man on AT.
imagines a society with a similar monetary system, where it's not an abstraction
gives AT a piddle-pack....that menaces with spikes.
tests siber for awakeness
believes most of the black leather was in hatbrims.
needs more bedrooms!
needs to find a missing book
has never bought into the attraction to vampires.
thinks nothing kills a good elder being quicker than angst.
looks innocent.
knows what evil lurks in the hearts of men!
needs to spend some XP.
can actually sympathize. I've been hungry enough to feel nauseous...
is not too sure, herself.
glares at notepad
el sigh
listens to techno
wonders where he saved Last Man Standing
Wings snarls at the barbarian chieftain, and leaps at him again, determine to wipe that smug look off his face. Flurry two attacks.
ruins everybody's fun, dammit!
steps through Fen's personal bubble and throws for Raider B
activates combo again
is suddenly afraid of overkill
should tick off some limit
rolls not
doesn't either!
rolls not
flurries raider E for two hits
eyes icefox
leaps onto the stay-rope of a tent, and catapults off it like a sling-shot. She aims herself like a bolt straight at the barbarian chieftain, trying to grapple with him and knock him off his horse!
spots raider 7 fleeing with civvie in tow through a gap in the flames and moves to put a stop to it
knows of the evil switch in george.
flurries raider D 4 times
is going to excellency on the fourth attack
limps along
really, really needs that extra dot of dex. just not enough move
shouts for horses as he attempts to nail raider 7 again?
is running south
leaps off of fallen warrior, and aims for Raider 8 with her claws!
flies through the air with the greatest of ease!
quietly cuts the trapeze ropes
snarls, and leaps off the fallen warrior, and goes for another grapple on the fleeing raider.
's anima banner flares as she leaps, and her caste mark is a burning brand.
finished the fight with about four motes left.
starts either putting out the fires or getting the aftermath of them cleaned up
drags the one she knocked off the horse last back to where the others are assembling, around the fallen barbarian leader.
sets about securing the attacking leader first
points at cotbw
carefully rearranges the misplaced letters.
burns. and bleeds
gets out the mops.
dies more
's corpse twitches
thinks it's getting about time for Shakti to go under the knife again finally
is probably going to retroactively add some digestive stuff to that list
eyes schwartz
waits for Mjolnir's responce with a "?"
knows what you mean
hasn't seen any of this season.
ponders a shopping expedition
engraves "0.5*m*v^2 = 0" on Siber's tombstone
considers the Shlock twitter
did not die in quebec in 1964
hands icefox a drink and a seat
launches thermite space nets from crossbow turrets
hugs Siber.
experiments with Dwarf Foreman
turns on mining for the DM and watches him do it without hesitation
hits Icefox with a rolled up newspaper untill he starts making sense
just GIGGLES MANIACALLY
gets the concrete-filled water baloons
morphs into a wild AT
throws a shiny thing out the door
throws a shiny skillet to george.
unloads a goblin tommybow at Icefox
strnalges Icefox
strangles Foxice
goes to get the tire iron.
sidles over and whispers conspiritorially to Siber
's eye twitches.
drillheads Icefox in the head
equips: CHAPEAU
-1 Chapeu
-1 Chapeau
eats icefox
runs wild
is eaten
eats Pikber
bubbles and roils.
whispers conspiritorially
takes this oppertunity to run away.
makes sure to disable the minefields in the direction Schwartz chose
has developed the tactic of shooting anyone that's acting like everything is normal and fine
likes the last one
wonders how expensive destructable cloth tents would be to a modern FPS
considers $300 fairly high-priced for something that has all of three games that support it, all unfinished
really wishes trade caravans in DF were more dirable
is making some incremental progress at this moment
gives a sigh
is a cardboard cut out and falls over.
didn't mean to sound angry or anything
waffles endlessly
is driving Icefox to a place, hold on a mo
is thrown!
is playing Doom RL again
gains superpowers?
plots revenge
inspects the fox for bronze nails
is down stairs in one of the libraries, a spell book open in front of her, working on figuring out a knotty spell form
wanders in, a small stack of books under one arm
seems to be having a bit more trouble than should be expected from her. She lets go of it and looks up when Anakah speaks
wanders over and peers over shakti's shoulder
sighs and leans back in her chair
eyes the book
shakes her head
sets down the stack of books somewhere and sits on the table
sounds like she has no idea what shakti is talking about, but isn't willing to admit it
notes the tone
gives shakti a kinda disturbed look
*eyes* shakti
seems somewhat annoyed
mutters something about thinking that stopping aging was impossible
is struck by sudden curiousity
leans towards shakti
mutters something about a relatively small difference
shakes her head
sounds like she's quoting something from a textbook
seems a bit agitated
trails off before shakti gets any more annoyed
grins toothily, revisiting happy memories
gives shakti a look that's a cross between disturbed and annoyed
puts two and two together and gets the wrong four
looks a little uncomfortable with said plan
looks rather more uncomfortable with said pun
goes back to 3D stuff...
thinks the first bit of "aid" to the Burmese people ought to be a couple of 2000 lb JDAMS right into the central committee offices.
is moderately occupied playing warden, so will be intermittent
informs AT that he's 'walking too loud'
reads FacePsalm 9:21. "And our lord didst verily smack his most holiest of faces, with his most holiest of right palms. And the people didst bow their heads, and verily smote themselves likewise. Amen."
suffers under the weight of his crushing self-pity
doesn't see much on flexing, but has been only been skimming due to distractions
sets Siber's hair on fire as an exparimental "hello"
attempts to classify Siret goverment and comes up with autoacractic totalitarian fascism
is still here
knows it not
dislikes his job somewhat
assaults schwartz with engravings of gibbons
retaliates with a plethera of napkins
shakes his fist
discusses the technical challenges of selling ray-tracing graphics cards to hybrid bird-rat-insect beings evolving after a nuclear apocalypse.
gibbonizes icefox
siccs giant communist robots on Starfyre.
mouths socialist platitudes
laughs maniacally
constructs an army of marxbots, and sics them on the communist robots
puts $10 on the communist robots.
orders his marxbots to shoot them in the joints, the obvious weak spot.
orders the commiebots to attack with the fake glasses and noses.
holds up a picture of Siber laying waste a goblin village, goblin women and children cowering in the background. There's a book titled "101 ways to prepare goblin" tucked in Siber's belt.
eyes siber
tucks a photoshop manual under the couch
swaps Siber's Z and Y axes
converts Siber to spherical coordinates
head asplode in a shaped blast aimed at Mjolnir
has Black And White flashbacks
doesn't remeber enough spesifics to be useful
thwaps Siber with http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/TheRainman
chooses FIGHT!
attempts to flee
ponders time and unfinished stuff
also ponders stuff
crunches into a singularity briefly to spite his surroundings
is torn apart by tidal forces?
dredges logs to figure out where the leaveoff was
hmms, then winces
flicks an earring
looks frustrated
laughs lightly
reddens slightly
gives her a somewhat amused, somewhat questioning look
looks hesitant
sounds like she's not sure how that happened.
looks a bit worried about that
raises an eyebrow at the story, but doesn't say anything and nods
shakes her head
shakes her head again with a smile
sounds shocked
touches up the side stripes
sobers up
hits Starfyre with a Freezie
performs: Final Cutter!
figured it was an attempt to erase any precursor hardware that could otherwise cause trouble
does know what AT means, though
votes for Havelock Vetinari for President in 08
kills george
wonders how short an orbit around a star one could get away with
threatens George
digs out a probably-working headset and discovers the whole enterprize abandoned
ponders solar thermal rockets using dry ice propellant
is sitting in the galleries, maybe, and leans over to the next person and nudges them and asks them how they feel about King Lakta
is back
nudges CHild
presumably translates the high notes
thought the response to Cerin's statements was 'we already did that'
considers the class magic anti-radiation pills
does have Survival 4
wonders what the Lunars have been up to in all this, but that's not particularly important probably
lays this out the the Warcheif
thinks Erayk should try it on
eyes the armor. could it fit?
notes that he'll probably have to start Doing Stuff around the house in about half an hour
adds, noting subconsciously that it would bolster her own as well
does so!
, massively unprepared.
plans to lynch GMFox if he's not prepared for the next session
now has 36 banked exp...
got a 'lil annoyed with him too. It's parents. they brought you into this world, you can spend time talking to them occassionally.
clubs steam's unwillingness to update games automatically
attempts to construct a visual aid!
still has no idea what travel time would look like
hands georgebot a skillet.
hands georgebot a skillet
is emu'd
ponders unpausing
ponders dinner
excavates his logs
pauses and gives Anakah a sort of sideways, questioning look, and speaks a bit carefully
looks worried
grimaces a bit
gains a very calculating look
seems to have an idea where this is going
((imagines demonform Alyshya touring a few random cities in the Middle East))
looks rather confused
sounds a bit subdued
frowns and peers at Anakah, trying to figure out if she said somethign wrong.
hunches over and grumblemutters
stares at the ceiling and thinks
looks kinda embarrassed
looks a bit amused
grimaces at an audible growl of her stomach
(will try to multitask.)
chuckles at that
does too
starts heading in a stairsward direction, and beckons shakti
shrugs, closes her book, and follows along after a short pause
carefully looks not at shakti
is in the kitchen preparing the quick and grusome end to a wide variety of fruits and vegetables.
makes for the kitchen
follows along
looks up as Anakah and Shakti enter the kitchen.
eyes the various fruits predatorially
raises an eyebrow.
retrieves a steak from the fridge
tosses one behind her back towards Shakt.
catches it and makes a considerable fraction of it vanish
shoves a handfull of grapes and raspberries in her mouth and says,
heats the steak
looks at the steak somewhat jelously as she swallows
put too much food in her mouth to be able to chew and swollow in a timely mannor.
looks at Rylah
has a mildly annoyed look on her face.
bolts steak hunks
nods and points to Shakti as she continues trying to eat.
is already gnawing on an apple core
finally downs the food with an audible 'gulp.'
takes a drink of water and chimes in,
says in a slightly....odd tone.
blinks, spits out an apple seed, then throws away the remains of her snack
asks both Anakah and Shakti.
gives Shakti an odd look.
rolls her eyes a bit
holds her tongue
considers her words carefully for a moment.
is perhaps excessively flipant
nodnods in agreement
sighs and darkens a bit
stops and shakes her head
nods in agreement.
seems to...shrink back into her self.
reaches over and puts an armo on Rylah's shoulder and smiles.
gives Shakti an uncomfortalble look and shakes her head vigorously.
shrugs and lets go, at a loss for ways to reasure her further
still looks uncomfotable, but nods.
relaxes alittle.
((thinks we're getting close to playing this out
(was thinking about a food fight...)
flicks a grape at the side of Anakah's head and points at Shakti, who is clearly not in the right place to be the offender.\
eyes them both
holds her hands up in mock surrender
grabs a banana and tackles rylah
grabs a kiwi on her way to the floor.
stands well back
pins rylah and mashes the banana into her hair
tries to contain laughter, with only moderate sucess
muscles her way out of the pin after being banana...ed and squishes the kiwi on Anakah's forehead.
smears the banana into rylah's face, and pegs the peel at shakti
wipes the banana off with her hands and then wipes them off on Anakah's back when she throws the peal.
ducks behind some cover
looks at Anakah with a raised eyebrow and passes her another banana.
looks at the banana, looks at rylah, and wipes kiwi off her face
nods towards Shakti's cover and grabs a second banana.
charges low for shakti's cover, fruit in hand
charges and jumps over Shakti's cover.
((considers giving Releyara a set of Discworld novels))
dives sideways!
snags shakti by a foot as she evades
grabs the other foot and moves to pin Shakti.
struggles, but is quite easily pinned
offers it to shakti
pauses and looks at Anakah, confused.
shears the banana in half and mashes both shakti and rylah
is banana'd
presmushed her banana and squishes it on Anakah.
blinks past chunks of fruit, still pinned
magics a bowl of fruit onto rylah's head
magics a small bubble to keep more fruit from landing on her face
also struggles, qutie ineffectually
closes her eyes as she is covered in fruit.
claims victory
tackles Anakah.
is bowled over
slips out and away!
is totally trying to talk her way out of the situation now that she isn't obviously winning
smears some more fruit on Anakah.
laughs and gets up, offering Anakah a hand.
yanks hard enough to send rylah stumbling as she rises
pulls Anakah hard enough to send her stumbling as she stands.
stands under her own power, though she wobbles
notices the wobbles
turns to look at Shakti.
waves, and voips
ponders getting the demons hooked on DF
wanders off to clean up
scoops the fruit chunks off and throws them in the back yard for critters, then heads towards the shower.
waves retroactively
faceplants into the bed, laptop first. What results could be accurately described as either a very interesting new take on performance art, or a Dadaesque approach to circuit design. In either case, the computer ceased functioning forever and young Paul nearly did so as well.
is terribly predictable
is out and about doing the right thing. Patrolling, smiting evil, rescuing cats from trees, and generally convincing people that the way to get ahead in life is to straighten up and get a good education
is crouched on a ridge somewhere in asia, in drab clothes, cloaked in a gentle obscuring distortion.
makes a pass through russia and heads east. While it's a lot quieter than say... africa or south america, russia has a lot of nature spirits that tend to get a little obnoxious when people encroach on their traditional homes, which is happening more and more often these days.
surveys the landscape laid out below before picking out another vantage point. After inspecting it from a distance, she twists reality and crosses the distance in a step before begining the surveying again
frowns and mutters something as the teleport pings his senses, sets up a nice little shrouding spell, and moves in to investigate
makes landfall a bit to the side of kara, and approaches from the side, trying not to draw her attention, but not obviously trying to sneak up on her either
hears his movement and turns her head to look at him, but for the moment trusts her spells to keep her from notice as she watches him
wanders towards her, not appearing to notice her, and stops about ten feet from her, turning to survey the compound she's spying in
attempts to wait him out
crosses his arms
begins to suspect he may know she's there! But can't rule out him talking to someone else she can't see. These people have all sorts of unobtrusive communications devices, you know
glances over his shoulder and makes eye contact with Kara
stands up, somewhat annoyed
relaxes his shroud a bit
regards him carefully
still holds his relaxed stance
drops his shroud fully.
is on the verge of speaking when her eyes narrow. She snaps to combat mode, full power, weapons, armor, at the ready.
looks surprised
uncrosses his arms and subtly drops into a defensive posture
doesn't... *quite*... burst into laughter
doesn't relax
, notably, has not turned off the aura effects, and is quite ignorant of kara's reaction to them really, but hey. he doesn't know
doesn't appear highly impressed.
does appear still ready to put sharp things in him
considers this for a long moment, then makes the weapon voip back to it's distant holding place. She can resummon it, after all, and she does have her sword at her hip
, true to his word even if it isn't given, weaves a spell and damps his aura
relaxes a shade
eyes kara
sounds unbelievably thrilled at that
sighs, and runs his hands through his hair
looks like he wants to pull his hair out for a moment
mutters something about the third time this week
tips a trooper's hat that he wasn't wearing a moment ago to her and voips out
gets to work voiping about semi-randomly to lose any followers
shakes his bony little fist as Icefox.
sends Icefox hate at a bulk rate.
still doesn't really like the direction that show ended up going, but meh.
drops a pin
is deafened
pulls out another unidentifiable alien grenade
thinks it's a reasonably straightforward question
is worried about the responce to that....
eyes Siber very suspiciously...
didn't do anything!
is still suspicious...
really didn't do anything
inches away from Siber.
figures it can't be worse than the guy who annnounces that he's found the ark of the covanent every three years
reads the Outsider forums.
destroys MattWaterman with elementary chemistry.
thumbs his nose at the rest of the world.
twitches and gibbers.
, slightly frustrated by stupid programming.
gets around to finally looking around at prices of stuff for computer hardware and realizes he really has no idea what to look for
thought it was a viewpoint worth sharing
seems to remeber the odd man sucessfully turning off the self destruct in the book
ponders pronouns. articles, adjectives, and bots
falls over
laughs aloud
seconds AT
has been playing some Megaman X
is a master of megaman x
glares at his desktop untill the skype icon floats to the surface
phases Starfyre
phases back in
twinkles Starfyre
giggles at that
would like to take this interruption to announce that dresden codak now sucks
thinks the sandwich was a guest comic anyway
sighs happily
muzzles AT
duct-tapes AT's mouth shut
uses: Yakra Needle Spin on: Siber
tsk tsks
sorta enjoyed both, to be honest, though they have some black marks
always wondered why the pillar of autumn had this bigass warthog obstacle course in it
connects AT to the big bang
stands back
turns on the lights
isn't thinking too straight right now
likes the word boogie. It's like mosey, but with more... oh, what's the word... alacrity?
has NO IDEA
hands Workfox a hammer.
gives the printer and its companion a merciful ending, BOFH style.
seconds the fox's question
ponders databases.
imagines a pipeline going up a space elevator.
thwaps 'Sabre
imagines fuel low is pretty hard to manage for that fuel.
considers direct versus indirect references.
doesn't quite rember how he unwrapped that
gifts onto the room the word 'heterogenous'
couldn't get it to work
hands Siber the hammer he loaned Icefox earlier.
smashes in his own skull
is actually on his computer now, yay!
wonders how difficult it'd be to fit Shakti's binding ammulet effectively in surgery...
might use a different term
gives a sigh
hands it back. Siber is spawning enough of those things.
is currently watching that youtube video
has had two intersting things happen to him today
called him an idiot and moved on
puts a gremlin hat on Mjolnir.
loaded a checkpoint and was stuck in the floor, costing him half an hour of playtime
hides behind a wall, pops a dude with a silenced rifle, recloaks, and hides behind something again. repeat as needed.
knows that spherelunking will finish eventually. we won't let you forget!
catches the tail end of Doom, the FPS part
just saw a video of richard simmons on who's line is it anyways.
is traumatized.
has a head cold that won't die
has an image of Mjolnir flagellating himself with a SCSI cable.
reads about it.
points at Schwartz!
put's Schwartz's hand in a bowl of warm water.
tows Siber outside the environment.
thinks that this is one of the "tree falling on a mime in the forest" sort of questions.
wonders if that is a compliment
applies motivation in the form of a cattle prod.
head asplode
obscures Siber by putting a bag over his head.
ponders stuff
has never heard of it
is Siber, probably about the house generally
appears in front on Siber.
's avatar changes into that of Titan.
drifts down to Siber.
puts up a map. It shows a typical light industrial layout. One mid-sized building is shown in green.
changes back into Melusine.
shows a hologram of a Naga wearing an overcoat and a wide-brimmed hat.
starts for his room to prepare
goes away when there's no immediate reply.
heads up, grabs some cocealable weaponry and stuff, puts on something buisnessy, and returns
decides to wait outside for aforementioned transportation
the sound of an under-powered engine gunning...and a beat-up compact econo-box  comes around the corner on two wheels. It guns downs the street toward the house, ricochets off the curb once or twice, and screeches to a halt in front of the house. A blonde head appears out the driver side window.
stares for a moment, then laughs and waves before approaching the car
unlocks the passenger door.
gets in, and is sure to buckle his seat belt
guns the engine as he's buckling in and lurches into the street.
makes her way out of the subdivision, and traffic gets heavier. She weaves the car around and through traffic with little care. Or clearance.
blows through a red-light as she says that.
blows her horn at another car, and waves at the driver.
crosses three lanes of traffic to exit.
wags a finger at Siber.
turns into the industrial park, and slows down (thankfully).
turns down street, eyeing the street signs.
watches out the window for interesting corperate logos
pulls over in a small parking lot, and points at a building a couple of lots over.
exits the car and begins strolling towards the building
shrugs and tries the front door
appears to check his text messages. In fact he's got a good bit of sensors in his 'phone' meant to look for people behind walls. Infra-red and all that good stuff
takes the approach of wandering randomly through available doors.
gets a bad feeling about what's going on here
lightly picks up a random part and looks for any Cyberdyne logos
snaps a picture of the serial number before hesitatingly approaching the forms
grimaces and approaches it, then pulls the sheet down slowly
(skype-punches Siber)
draws back a bit, but looks concearned
is motionless and silent, but follows Siber with her eyes.
glances down at his sensor package, checking to see if she is, in fact, not human, as he suspects
is not human!
does not reply!
blinks twice.
blinks once.
nods at the hanging bodies
blinks three times.
thinks about this a moment, then runs to the bodies and begins taking them down and cramming them in his pocket as fast as he can.
stops however far into it he is, takes a few quick snapshots of the state of things, then grabs the gurney and starts pushing it towards the breakroom while trying to call Mel
goes through the double doors and tries to pull the gurney through the other side too
breaks for the front door!
comes from the room behind Siber!
screeches to a halt at the front door, and throws open the passenger door.
glances behind, and doesn't slow down
belongs to a rather pudgy man with a beard and glasses and close cropped hair. He comes puffing after Siber. "Wait!"
attempts to grab the woman off the gurney to carry her through the front door and into the car, evidently not feeling like waiting
fumbles in his pocket for something, and crashes into the gurney as Siber bolts for the door.
shoves the rescuee into the open passenger door, possibly on top of Meryll, and then takes the driver seat himself
accelerates away, scott free?
lurches out the door as the car accelerates away. He has something black and gun-like in his hand...but ducks back into the building as the car accelerates away.
glances over to the passengers as he makes his get-away
straightens the girl in her lap, and moves her head. There is a plastic tag on the back of her neck, with an LCD and LEDs. Meryll reaches up and pulls it out - there's a rather long tail, like a catheter, attached to it.
stiffens as the interlock is withdrawn, and sits up. She rubs her neck and looks around.
looks backwards, and notes that a grey van has backed out of the building they just left, and is now accelerating after them.
looks backwards as well.
's voice changes.
considers the "woman" on her lap.
turns right obligingly
fingers  slit cut just below her ribcage.
turns and looks at Siber.
directs Siber into a new subdivision, still under construction, and down a wooded cul-de-sac.
parks and reaches into his pocket to grab the sheild generator, which he puts on
pulls up to the end of the cul-de-sac, and pauses as the driver observes the car sitting there. It turns down the cul-de-sac an accelerates.
turns on the sheild and gets out of the car, moving to face the van
and Tina stay in the car.
pulls slowly down the cul-de-sac, until its about 50 feet away from car. Behind it, a larger panel van also turns down the cul-de-sac, and slowly comes down the road.
stops, and the driver door opens. The man observed earlier steps out. He pulls out a black, gun-like object and points it at Siber.
gawks at Siber as he says that...and pulls the trigger on the device. Nothing happens to Siber.
is looking distinctly panicked about now, and turns and starts to run for the van again...and observes the panel truck now barreling down the road toward them. He abandons the van and starts running across the vacant lot towards the trees.
rolls his eyes, and persues
gets out of the car, as the panel truck screeches to a halt and starts disgorging men.
is breathing loudly, but keeps running...sort of. He's not in the best shape.
is breathing loudly, but keeps running...sort of. He's not in the best shape.
tries for a tackle
cries out as he goes down like a sack of potatoes.
does his best to pin
slaps at Siber's hands ineffectually!
stops squirming...but starts sobbing.
comes up, along with a half-dozen rather non-descript, but large, men in work clothes. They take up a circle around the two.
gets up
rolls over and sits up...and looks at the circle  of faces around him.
steps back
is a rather large, baby-faced and pale individual, though he's thoroughly flushed now. He straightens his glasses and looks at Titan.
looks at Siber confusedly.
gestures at the object now in Titan's hand. It's obvious now that its a modified toy
suddenly laughs.
looks around at the gathered party of androids
looks at Titan
considers Marty the same way should would a bug.
squats down next to Marty.
looks at her blankly.
stands up, and without command the other androids reach down and haul Marty to his feet. Titan looks down at the "gun" in her hand and offers it to Siber.
is dragged off toward the panel truck.
takes it and puts it in his pocket.
walks back to the car
shakes...and Merryl is back.
catches up to Siber.
looks back and smiles a bit
gets out of the car as they approach.
extends her hand to Siber.
shakes it
walks over to the van, and climbs in. One of the other androids climbs into the driver's seat and starts it up. Both it and the panel truck pull into the cul-de-sac to clear the entrance.
climbs into the passenger seat
climbs into the car and starts it up.
puts the car in gear and peels out as she puts the car into a hard left turn to exit the dead-end street.
squeals the car around the corner, heading back to the House.
is not watching the road as she awaits an answer!
laughs and dodges between tractor-trailers.
bounces up and down!
strokes his chin contemplatively.
imagines the worst rabbit-warren city... in 3d complexity, in space
opens up Disk Uility and waits
looks at the picture at the top of the page
is not off the top of his head
thinks the AIs might outnumber the naturals...
thinks if he makes another BSF fleet at some point he's just going to use the SI prefixes. Ship, Decaship, Hectoship, Kiloship, Megaship, Gigaship, Teraship, Petaship, Exaship, Zettaship, Yottaship. Drones can be Deciships.
doesn't really have his finger on the pulse of popular opinion
ponders a toroidal shaped universe.
hopes that's ice under the lander.
votes Siber off the island.
links mostly for the opening quote
spent four hours playing video games instead
ouchburn's Siber.
applies aloe vera lotion
doesn't stop here. it's bat country
's part of the group dynamic is causing as much damage as possible
goes back in time and shoos Blizzard
reads the backlog, and Starfyre is still here
thinks he should sleep
applies cattle-prod to Icefox.
shakes his fist
checks a PC mag that he thinks has benchmarking comparisons for them
wonders if the idea of putting little fans on top of the lander to remove wind-blown dust has been proposed.
does wish that there was a setting for 'all korean soldiers speak korean', and not have it tied to difficulty level
delivers chocolate coated hugs
is downloading
is staying on target
will see what he can do.
starts work for reals
slaps a nametag with the words 'E. Morpheus' on AT
sedates Starfyre
passes out
tries again
hands everyone a copy of forbidden planet.
throws Siber at Zombiefyre.
looks in saber's ear
pours healing potion all over Zombiefyre.
pulls the tip of a decaying finger out of his ear.
still has Arry available for tagging along if desired.
thinks Starfyre's cracked finally. Or again. whatever.
ponders Kara's source society, and alternate ways of developing her culture
stares blankly at Homeworld
noogies Icefox.
is moderately proud of that murder
considers logging into the admin account and switching it to logged-in-only editing
ponders a Threadxalted wiki.
points at AT.
is intent on delivering highest possible quality
points to engine trail question
hugs Siber
stabs Microsoft with things
will test shit out
is doing weapon firing, SFX, the works.
detects superflous decimals?
is bored.
gets out an awl and bores a hole in Schwartz.
protests violently.
ignores the protests!
protests with fists
steps away from Beausabre
tosses Starfyre at Schwartz.
grabs Starfyre by the collar.
is bored.
also has his laptop so can't really play many games.
is doing directions research at the moment
2x heavy spur + 5x disrupter + 3x pulse phasers Icefox
banana bombs AT
has a pony tail.
plays flash circle td.
drops a pin. A pin... of fate!
looks for his stories
watches  the video without sound
looks at the undoctored version
attacks the room?
is here
goes to fix things
kind of hates the karos graveyard wiki
ducks behind a conveniently-nearby blastshield
stabs relic in the fucking face
has killed more than half of them in a stand up fight
considers trying to write a check to himself and depositing it at the bank, to see what happens.
imagines someone walking up to an ATM, feeding it a check, punching some buttons... and the ATM suddenly lurching free from it's housing to smash into the side of their head
figures that the designer is looking for a way to get people off of constant plump helmet farming
begins to have a horrible inkling on the Missile Bullshit
digs up his complex mod shortcut to try to divine how to set things up past this point
considers brain sand as a component of a self-assembling nanomachine neural interface
put Mr. Ann Onymous 1234 Crazy Place
switches to Sweet Home Alabama.
clicks 'pass' the fifth time
fires it up
finds skins and fixes it.
wishes Fileden tracked downloads by file
peers speculatively at the one with the chibi anime catgirl wielding a chainsaw.
changes it thence to http://icanhascheezburger.com/2007/12/26/funny-pictures-i-can-hear-god/
uses Siber as a blast shield.
gets out his heavy flamer.
gets out another heavy flamer, though this one is wearing a corset and a feather boa.
gives the first heavy flamer to the second heavy flamer, and turns them both loose  upon this 'author'.
hands Icefox a prototype LOX/NaK combat torch
gets out the duct tape and over-and-under's it with the first heavy flamer.
puts on sunglasses
gets the Halon extinguisher.
watches the heavy flamer with the heavy flamer tattoo "GET A FUCKING LIFE" onto the the 'author', at close range.
frowny face
suggests writing
is currently playing a Spriggan Berserker
has a few HW@ things he wants to go over with AT.
meets an ogre with his level 4 berserker
thinks "hey, I can at least try to fight this thing"
is splattered across the wall about three turns later
considers the number of plastic items in hs line of sight
considers ripping apart the FX .big and tearing out the HW1 models so he can look at them in wings
just got aroudn to reading that
personally can't wait for ion turrets, but damn, it's going to be hot
secretly destroys AT's reputation when he is away
has inbound ion turret from Hades
shouts "NOOOOO!"
is talking with him
can't quite make out the text?
is on it
passes the information along
wonders how long it'll be untill a dedicated #HWAT wis nessicary
sends it alogn
sends it to himself and posts a note in the release thread
is interested in AT's reaction to the end bit of Modification, if he's gotten to it
putzes with photoship
sticks a bigass cylinder in the side of the nose and considers the results
opens it again
nodinates the countryside
has a 'smooth' button.
engages lookamatic drive
whacks self in side of head several times, tries again
is away
is out to buy his black cloak
is tempted by the class name "Angry Velociraptor"
considers build managers
is tempted to send back the response as just "Well, nuts"
says as much
also impatiently awaits hypothetical skype contact
senses shenanigans
updated Blue lastnightish, too, though there's plenty more work to be done
, not a biologist. :-P
does so some.
points Mjolnir at the first link he posted.
bends Siber's head.
considers a story written in future tense
will think that would be a bit odd
will agree.
HK-47 impersonation
flees at high speeds!
brain failure
ponders the Halo players that seem to be in the middle of the ocean....
is not comforted
makes a note to stress Shakti out.
goes back to staring blankly at Blue for a while
rotates Siber's color channels
degausses Siber's monitor.
is now speaking with Satana Hell Burn
watches his download run at 90KB/s
investigates a bit further.
guesses the latter.
gets out his heavy flamer and makes sure its promethium tanks are topped up.
goes to ENCOM and 'borrows' their read-objects-into-computers thingy, then reads the person Mjolnir quoted into a RAM chip.
then aims a heat-gun at the chip, sets it on "low", and leaves it there for a few weeks.
takes what's left and turns it into terrain in a game of Core Wars.
gets out a big hammer and bludgeons a program into using the installed versions of various libraries instead of the ones it apparently wants.
reinstalls the old version, watch it not start up either.
starts redoing webcomics by hand.
grumbles and reopens Blue to assess the damage
starts reading.
trawls his old logs
imagines wall-mounted dual LCD's.
head asplode
attempts a light-on-dark desktop theme.
turns it back.
is going to open up HWSE and import the frigate and the destroyer next to each other
really, really doesn't want to have to go through and alter it
thinks the same for the Turanics
throws a missile at AT
is suddenly amused by the idea of releasing a missile.
has a big blocky area with the letters "FF:A" written on that chunk of the ship
recalls numbers on the realtive industrial outputs of america and japan when it came to fleet building
assumes abck
is whipping up a picture
notes that you're still connected to #BSF, too
scales y 80%?
thinks that would be good
is kinda honestly leaning towards the twin antenna thing...
sets his view to about where he figures HW2 will go "ACK NO DON'T YOU DARE GET CLOSER" and does a spin around
gives Siber a Small Medal
sees it as a Taiidan feature, if anything.
shouldn't wing things like this
nod nod nods
looks at the top image
looks at the concept image
assumes that's a good thing
votes the new chatroom title is "it's a sort of relaxed turret"
was just in the presence of Starfyre when he said "oh snap" on purpose
is thinking: make the sloped tip of the barrel a bit longer, make the barrel in general wider along with the groove
can't wait to see the finished destroyer with energy blast effects and sounds and stuff
closes ten fnished skype file transfers
has to go
is sad.
purges his taste buds with fire.
annoyed by redundancy
likes the second variant more
feels lightheaded
bravly runs away.
isn't sure how healing fatigue away works out.
cues up the Mission Impossible theme.
is back
tries to wrap his brain around an old rule system he half wrote six years ago and gets a headache
is busily making progress
hungers for HW1 guarding
is pondering.
about to crash
deals himself a hand of solitaire.
Zzz (--|--------------------------------------) Eee!
looks at his watch, and shakes his head.
gives george a cookie
checks out Rizon.
listens to the crickets chirp.
might try to mark that up a bit with Threadverse landmarks
isn't sure Threadverse has any one single FTL method
finds the lack of details dissapointing
signs into bn.com, and watches his cart double
now faces Tiamat
dons his golden dragon armor.
plays robotfindskitten.
watches of Icefox's shoulder.
starts breathing again.
hugs Siber for telling him to try out scrolls.
TAKE OFF EVERY ZIG
imagines a monster: Animated Poison Ivy Vines.
tries to figure out what the fuck tags are.
gets out his rock hammer and beats git-daemon into a pulp of random bytes.
is probably just misunderstanding something, but...
is fairly out of it today too, tbh
considers going and attacking AT's food.
considers cookies
shoots george
hugs you
feels strangely... threatened
sad panda
is down with that
dismays at the total time number
hugs Transmetropolitan.
now considers destroyer role text: Chillin'
thinks its perfect
punches Mjolnir
exits through the wall in a diffuse spray?
punches Siber
punches suns
doesn't like being bored
gets a rocket made of pure carbon
has now found the key ingredient in Siret flamethrowers!
is not sure.
netepathies siber
is prodded
enters upon wherever it is Releyara happens to be, chuckling faintly to herself
is in her library, hunched over a pile of books and taking notes.
is not there, but may, perhapsibly, theorably, be availible. O_O
is paying little attention to shakti, concentrating primarily on her books and mumbling to herself.
peers at Releyara's books and notes
brandishes a pen at shakti
stabs a tome
rolls her eyes
is back
waves that off
mutters this to herself
looks pleased with herself.
takes a deep breath, turns towards the door, and bellows "ALYSHYA!!!"
bounds into the library, looking vaguely worried
looks hopeful
looks positively gleeful
looks crestfallen
watches with interest
beckons, and alyshya approaches. Before she has a chance to object, releyara pulls a set of silver armbands out of nowhere and slaps them onto alyshya's wrists, and she has one moment to look utterly betrayed before she reverts to human form.
flips something jagged and silvery to shakti
catches reflexively
starts to look a bit worried shortly after doing so
takes one look at it, and lunges. making it a glorious six inches before smacking into an invisible wall.
shuts up at a glare from releyara
looks a little too happy about this turn of events.
drops down onto the floor, crosses her arms, and sulks.
smiles a bit
's voice takes on a slightly commanding edge at that
takes an annoyed and flabbergasted edge
sounds genuinely baffled
sounds like she kinda won't.
stares at Releyara like shes from the moon.
would probably stare at a moon person less, actually
mutters rude things to herself, still sulking
mutters a lot more at that.
thinks a moment
grumbles to herself a bit
waits patiently
pointedly ignores both of them, picking at the armbands
says, hopefully
pauses and thinks
seems to be drawing a blank
gets up, and begins guiding shakti towards the basement stairs
reluctantly tags along
gently pushes shakti out the basement door
is pushed out the door
is pushed out after shakti
closes the door to a crack, then pauses.
closes the door
tugs on the door
looks at shakti
is tightly closed and apparently locked
curses generally at releyara through the door
notes, if they Stafyre comes back, that Shakti and Alyshya would be now probably in earshot of hanging out in the lower portion fo the House
rounds on Alyshya hostily
is in the kitchen making noise with something.
seems happier about her exile now
makes a loud noise of frustration, kicks the door, and then turns and puts her back against it
explodes again
starts to make what sounds like a very crass suggestion, then stops halfway.
gives her a look that seems to say that now is very much not the time
looks at the bit of silver Releyara gave her
winces, and says nothing
sounds like the word is being dragged out of her
looks rather too happy with this line of reasoning, but only for an instant.
sounds reluctant about that
bounces around shakti
sighs, then reaches out and puts a hand on Alyshya's arm
is voipd'd
adds another item to his list of Things To Fix When I Conquor The World.
adds another thing to that list: Change the spelling of 'conquer'.
clause attack!
makes rude gestures at heteroy.
marks up "necromancer" on his "these classes are badass" list.
sprays himself down with his fire extinguisher
is curious, but literally has to run.
, talking out of his ass.
goes backin time and steals Beausabre's toolbox
is seriously considering it of late.
shares space with parents, sister, and commanding two year old neice
has no idea what she is commanding, though.
bugs Siber
skypes AT
is aware that cata fleet issues are fairly well known, but had to vent anyway
hugs AT.
watches a combat video
gives GEorge a cookie.
takes whoever set the office thermostat All The Way Down, and forces them to sit there in shorts and t-shirt, without moving much, for eight hours.
convicts Icefox of murder by hypothermia
might be getting cynical.
wonders if Icefox messed with the odds.
will never tell.
isn't sure he likes the super-flatness, really
really hates IGN's handling of images.
taseprods Icefox
smokes gently.
likes it
throws a shoe at Siber.
looks through HW Shipyards
has NOOO IDEA
hates the word 'short'
has dubbed the event "We didn't get any wedding presents we wanted, give us more stuff" but may be a bit too cynical.
was rephering to the Sphere with the homicidal computer comment.
thought the homicidal computer comment was referring to the video game portal.
doesn't quite remember
transforms, and rolls out
chips away at Scattered by visciously closing everything that doesn't pertain to it
can see the headlines: Armored Spiky Monstrosity invades Alabama: "I just wanted the Fifth Element Soundtrack!" Says Dragon
gives Siber a pound
attacks Siber's Command Ship
suffers 12 LOL damage
imagines a Bentusi warship as being entierly beam based, with full coverage
imagines one very scary mission would be fighting a Council light capital ship
still votes, ultimately, for pulse beams
has dancing in his head visions of a cargo barge/Multigun corvette hybrid
summons Giant Terry Pratchett
then draws a flare gun and shoots Siber in the foot
really wants to see BSF breed, FE4 style, with Naval Ops
hath now read first paragraph
sucks siber through a vortex for some reason.
watches as Siber returns with a speedboat twin hulled superbattleship covered in lasers and tales of fighting the EMPIRE!!!!!
uses the lasers to destroy several of AT's exclamation points
also really wishes for an energy equivelant of the gatling guns
thinks about Icefox's starting destroyer going KEKEKEKEKE and sinking five cruisers in ten seconds
likes the sound of the aft gun firing in this vid http://youtube.com/watch?v=-5ATYPrZnSQ&feature=related
would love to see Warship Gunner 3 : No More Bullshit
wants to worry about crossing Ts, salvo density, time on target sorta stuff, and bridge hits
doesn't actually know how toxic halogens are, which is probably "very", but suspects they're too reactive to actually stick around and cause serious problems.
peers at the ipv6 address he didn't know he had until a couple days ago.
assumes it probably weathers better than rock salt.
hugs Siber.
thinks that counts as a bit of a rant
biases Siber's random numbers
has been pondering how he might mesh the whole thing with the idea of Owen being lured away by another former Champion
is stunned by how helpful that is
's kamikaze air mage died in Crawl.
prods Scattered with a stick in hopes of it all gelling together
snaps back at Siber with jagged fangs!
gets the shotgun
decides to behave.
dips Beausabre in barbecue sauce and sets him in a cage with a hungry tiger.
moves for the cage door.
is gobsmacked
is reading
still transcribes
just read the new chunk of chapter 6
prods Starfyre to see if he moves
prepares to surgically extract reactions and opinions.
strangles Starfyre for his continued silence.
is rereading. been a while
was referring to himself
is browsing his directories
waits for his computer to see his ipod again...
ponders how to make good glow effects in OpenGL.
ponders a Prolog IRC bot
points at his reconnect seconds previous?
may, perhaps, be mildly innatentive.
starts building a Floating Fortress.
wonders how he's going to defend it.
has a single wooden pillar holding the thing up. Well, and some staircases.
is more familiar with RTGs
wonders if he should start saying 'ackward' instead of 'awkward' and try to get the more awkward spelling excised
imagines a power armored secret service agent bear-hugging a persident and then deploying a folding tower sheild
really wishes you could do bookmarks with the standard embeded windows file picker thing
snags AT.
wonders what set off Beausabre's muppets kick
has caves being fairly important to Kara's backstory, but doesn't really actually know that much about them
fixed the things you mentioned
stab stab stabs
is excited
has imagined Owen taking advantage of his shape shifting to get out of things with a pretty face, and can sorta hear him telling Koschei "Don't worry, life'll be easier looking like this.
was sort of thinking 'sabre and Shakti are in the former area of the Heart, seeing what's kicking.
bricks Sabre
frustrated with Crawl
wishes Icefox would fix the spelling on that
blames Starfyre
claims victory
loots a sock from siber's corpse.
thusly lures Starfyre into the midst of a goblin ambush
loafs around, raiding the snack bar
voips into a depressingly non-descript windowless hallway, with a number of plain, handleless doors lining it. At one end is a door dressed like one you would find on earth, complete with little rectangular panels and shiny metal knob. The far end continues on past a bend. The only other remarkable thing to Alyshya's senses is a all pervasive aura suffusing the entire space. Shakti imediately releases her grip on Alyshya's arm.
gives shakti an irritated look and pointedly steps away a couple paces
mumbles something rude
very carefully doesn't sound impressed
immerges from the door behind them, closing it behind her before aproaching the pair
nods, utterly ignorant of the distances involved.
spins in place, staring at the walls
nods at settesa in passing
may or may not be exagerating a bit
promptly picks a corridor and starts wandering down it
catches up with Alyshya, getting in the way of her wanderings. "Shakti has very little to do with Noyrn's 'feeding'. And if you'd likea tour, perhaps it should be of the guided variety."
stops, and circles around settesa
strikes a noble poise
makes good on her escape!
's poise changes from noble to pissed off
picks at them
sets off without waiting for any real confrimation
tags along behind
leads then down the hall to a particular featureless door, which opens before them and closes behind them, down another hall, and into a wider room that has more doors leading off, but is dominated in the center by a gurnyish table with a low hanging closed structure in the middle.
inspects the table more closely
paces around a specific area of the floor, and prods it with her foot
sticks her tongue out.
sounds as if she speaks from experince.
mutters something about stupid mobs, and plops down on the table
pauses and watches for understanding of the last word
nods after a moment's hesitation.
considers more
raises an eyebrow
considers harder, and considers the current alternatives.
enters about this time from the same doors they came through earlier, muttering slightly and giving Settesa something of a look as she fingers the bits of silver Releyara gave her
waves energetically to shakti
looks as though she imediately regrets this
glares at the key
provides instructions, trying not to grin
squeaks and falls over
resumes uprightness, and fiddles with a wristband, eventually pulling it free.
tosses them to settesa
catches them and hangs on to them
nods, grins sideways at shakti, and remanifests, complete with a solid burst of aforementioned aura effects.
squirms a bit, then gives Alyshya a warning look
feels rather odd herself, and puts things together.
indicates a door behind Alyshya that just slid open to reveal a fairly featureless white round room
nods and hops off the bed, entering the room
appears as an image along the wall in full holographic glory as the door to the room swooshes closed behind Alyshya
nods, and strips, then sets about removing various piercings, then pauses halfway.
indicates a little tray that extends from the wall near her image
looks uneasy
drops the last ring in the drawer
hmms as the drawer slides closed seamlessly and a series of dull hums and snaps begins to play in the walls around her. The walls go blank, but her voice remains
bounces on the balls of her feet, playing with her tail.
attempts to do a winged backflip, and clips the cieling
thumps into the floor
mutters something in infernal about her pride, and rises to her feet
returns to the wall as the hums and clicks die away, along with the tray popping out again
does so.
pauses to consider, reinserting earrings.
((is going to call it, for now at least, pretty soon.))
vanishes from the wall and the door swooshes open again.
will eventually have a caravan not die as soon as it enters the map
wonders if it's a poor bit of programing specifically in Firefox, Flash, or Pandora that's eating up reams of memory
considers caged goblins linked to levers
keeps trying to order one, but the goblins keep killing his caravans
points at the cat, skulking behind the curtain with a set of wire cutters.
vaguely remembers that.
acquires Slaver Stasis Field!
stares at LUA code
pans, tilts head, and stares
excited anticipation
points to #HW@
moves to the proper channel
offers Starfyre no explination, and continues ahead! Hi, anyway.
has the feeling he's walked into the middle of a modding discussion
is back
wishes his parents were either A) not light sleepers or B) didn't share a bedroom wall with the kitchen
shakes his head
listens to Oh Yeah
TEXTURE FRENZY
ultra snerks
shakes his head
counters with math and Wikipedia links!
tries to figure out how to make movies.
writes a higher-order function that returns a higher-order function that does some very specific formatting and outputs to a log file...
is pretty sure this is actually the simplest way, really!
bugs Siber, etc
doesn't see the line hardnesses stuff
illustrates all this with sweeping hand gestures
leads Alyshya out of the now stopped car and through a short passageway, into another small room, this one with windows.
motions to a line of seats with straps facing the windows, sits down in one, and buckles in.
plops down in the nearest available chair
fiddles with the seatbelts, glances sideways at settesa, and copies off of her
offers pointers to keep Alyshya from ending up strangling herself or something
signals to the ship, which undocks and begins to accelerate at 3-4g for a while.
watches Alyshya for any signs of undue distress
is fine, just incapable of movement
queries when they finally stop accelerating and the craft pitches over, bringing Noyrn back into view sillohetted against a fairly spectacular set of rings around a blue-green gas giant.
tries to detach herself and drifts, tied in the seatbelt.
unstraps herself and helps Alyshya out
drifts to the window and hits it, bouncing off
issues a litany of foreign curses
helps anchor her as well, looking out at the view, which also has pretty constant streams of flitting 3 mile cargo ships and the flashes of hyperspace windows and drive flares moving around Noyrn
orients herself, transfixed by the view
points out the said structure
looks closer, mumbling imprecations about how she can't see anything in human form
rotates a bit to regard Alyshya
pauses, glances over her shoulder at settesa, and giggles
downlaods for reading int he morning
KNUCKLE POUNDS
considers he audience
attempts to put his brain into gear
goes to test some shit
was sorta thinking "Escort Corvette"
always like turanic standard corvettes
now commands a force of 28 orcs
attempts to gather all his orcs together.
resists the urge to renouce his religion.
sicks his orc fanclub on Beausabre
gets out his beatin' stick.
sets it on Siber.
gets beatin'd
had a temporary mental grapple with where Beausabre would be mountain skiing
hands Siber some gems
texture frenzies
puts a live snapping turtle down AT's pants.
is wearing +6 Shorts of the Bat
giggles with anticipation
focuses at Icefox
detonates with the force of a thousand angry toads.
really would love to know what works and what's a pain, for future ships' sake
blood from eyeballs
is sorry?
punts his internet connection
envisions Icefox astride the bridge of a star destroyer as he says that, black cloak billowing in a fell Midichlorian breeze
simply wishes for non-shitty service.
tries to run HW2 on his Handy Dandy Windows Emulator.
watches it crash horribly.
loves texturing, but AT will be busy soon
detects sarcasm
is tempted to charge med school students extortionate fees for poster printing.
gets out his lawnmower launcher
ducks behind the splash sheild
mops up deadfox
needs to learn how to not suck at crawl.
has a huge honking hole in the middle of one of his stockpile rooms
is busy marking another forest for elimination
contemplates an entirely skill-based roguelike.
dedicides to see how far down he can dive with a level 1 spriggan assassin
starts going into a calm, rational explination with diagrams full of boxes and arrows and circles, which gradually over the course of three paragraphs becomes more impassioned and impatient, finally coming to the concluding statement of "LOLWTF LEARN TO PLAY N00B"
has some thoughts on the quandry of immortality as relates to certain thread charaters, but it is a question.
has certain thoughts about immortality as relates to Icefox in particular, but they're pretty much theoretical, as Icefox has never had a terribly defined past or future.
loads all the music he posesses into one playlist and puts it on shuffle.
reads the SLS
points Beausabre at KD8
thinks that "equipotential" is an irritating term.
makes a note to pause before asking AT's opinion anytime soon.
throws internet mind axes at Kailis
whimpers at a shout
curses and swears
jiggles Siber's network cables
plans to start the Jubal Early fan club.
ponders a chat protocol more resilient in poor network conditions
reverses the polarity of Siber's network cables
haunts Mjolnir forever, inserting meaningless technobable into anything Mjolnir writes when he's not looking, ensuring that his groundbreaking FTL drive never gets recognition.
ponders Siber's fate.
stabs Murphy witha claymore
detonates the claymore.
expires messily.
walks in and takes in the mess.
looks up
grabs Siber by the lapels and whimpers.
feels like mindlessly copying numbers and setting up hod files more than wrapping his brain around shapes at the moment
knows the feeling
has done a few nifty things, too
wants to see Siber make a 3D model consisting entirely of concave shapes.
riles Siber
is riled?
did it
stabs everything
punches god
repeats, musically
turns off the FFA goblins
rides up on a motor power unicycle
does a barrel roll
just checked
really really wants to see this in dark grey on black
needs sierra link again -.-
comes out of a closet and throws a fireball at Starfyre
is singed!
throws another fireball at Starfyre
dives for cover
is talking to a spaceship
shifts from freeform oddity to a regular rational conversation with an audible *clunk*.
feels sorry for Mr Hell Burn
gives Siber a pomegranate.
coughs up a goddam lung
is actually feeling about 75% serious about the "your entire scripting team for a week per ship"
commences IM bombing run
breaks off contact with Sir Hellburn for the night
looks sad
is amused that there will be eight zones of glow in the dark on this ship
LOLLERSKATES TO THE MAX
puts a pirate hat on Siber and gives him a mug of grog.
drinks up, me hardies!
then chokes
fires a penguin at Icefox
had a Scattered related dream that seemed like it comtained a really cool idea at the time, which on reflection really won't work at all, but won't let go of his brain now
unleashes half a dozen crazy dwarves with pickaxes to reshape the world.
hums a few bars of 'where do we go from here'
airstrikes the dwarves with napalm.
is underground, behind locked doors! If they can stop lava, they can stop napalm
applies nuclear weapons until the problem is solved.
manipulates legal strings until Texas is declared the Union's first officially nudist state.
realizes that his drain system will require more plumbing than originally anticipated
actually kinda figured that the character was some kinda senior officer, not self-aware military wetware.
thinks it'd totally work in that mission to have the mothership building things you didn't order and ignoring your build orders.
has an Awesome Doom Mote now.
imagines "Grays" with a typical dwarven body type
tries to have a conversation with two year old about why she's carrying around a bottle of mayonaze and a shaker of parmesian cheese, and makes little progress
loves the internet
chokes something.
wonders how a golf course compares in area consumed to a stadium+parking lots
looks for housing near GeoEye.
pronounces it "Nooh Hampshaw"
doesn't grasp the implications but would like to puncht the web design.
assaults Legion with bayonet!
assaults back with pointed comments!
dismisses them wth Gallic arrogance!
napalms all the legions.
reads that article
WOT THA FUCK
has pizza
doesn't have pizza
actually has a bright idea.
giggles maniacally.
snaps at Siber.
gests a stick
gets worried
hustles past, carrying an armload of styrene and plumbing fixtures.
id bvsk
is back
guesses: best armor is no armor at all?
liked it
shakes his head
thought the description of immortality with regards to Shakti was pretty accurate
was thinking less heart agent and more former heart agent who would rather the Heart have not fallen, but that's a minor point of clarification.
sketches out a relational diagram.
gets 'Sabre some more paper
wonders if there's anything he could have done to avoid having a character named "Molly" named after his character
thinks Molly is a perfectly fine name.
serves Mjolnir a pipin' hot cup of Get Over It.
regresses even further
screams in a thick norse accent and swings a battleaxe
interposes Siber between himself and the axe.
swings right through Siber, because he's my ally
is mightily bisected.
recalls as a child pronouncing behemoth as "bay a moth"
worried looks Siber
is, of course, kidding.
screams FUCKING LAG
gets murdelated by killer bees.
hits Siber with cataclysm
does battle with itunes
launches our secret X Project
knows. he was just seeing if anyone would notice.
levels a finger at Icefox
says, hiding the dna evidence
slam dunk
offers a five to Siber
ponders weather or not he wants to bug Starfyre tonight
is eminently buggable
starts the fight music
dies of heart failure.
attempts to gather his thoughts
believes Edutainment was invented by people who hate fun.
does as well, personally.
sighs, gives everyone around her shifty looks, and picks a direction, moving quickly
pushes onwards. Investigating any corridor that appears interesting, and noting that noryn seems known for interior blandness
votes for DRDs
perks up, and follows. gravity is annoying, anyway. always keeping you on the ground
does not so much bounce as bound
((is forced by school to sign up for next semester during finales
has always tended to be curious, and investigate wierd thingies
squeaks to a stop against a wall and turns back to investigate
hunhs, and inspects aura
rolls her eyes, and tries to get into the lab
grumbles, stares at the blanks a bit, and moves on, seeking the noise.
swings around a corner at a pretty good clip and hurtles Alyshya-ward head first at a respectable clip
yeeks, and jumps down the corridor away from shakti
says, in an accusitory fashion
catches up with Alyshya and uses the wall to brake and match speed
does her level best to get clear
is not on a collsion course, for the record
erks, freezes, and bounces off whatever she's headed towards
stablizes herself with a handhold and grabs Alyshya to help her do the same
protests innocence
looks somewhat annoyed
looks hopeful
looks somewhat unsure and, after a glance at the surrounding labs, fairly embarassed
stops, blinks, and stares
kicks off back the way she came, gently, and watches Alyshya to see if she does the same
tails along, though her trajectory is poor
believes Starfyre has memos
awaits files from AT before crashing
disappears in a big gay poof
stabs HW2 with a thousand hot slivers of mercury for being overly case sensitive
goes through all of Siber's hardpoints and such, adding and removing minus signs at random.
stabs Icefox
will fix the turrets now
replaces the mothership with a mad scientist, keeps everything else.
acquires one dot in Bus and a second dot in Paperwork.
hoeps AT hasn't cooked his computer.
fires up skype
gives his computer funny looks
checks the weapon folder
is tempted to name a M&B character Brave Sir Robin
is now trying to crush his sister with his mind
chugs a mana potion
super ultra mega headache
joins the 'I want to punch Kaelis' club
headbutts Beausabre
dumps the punch bowl on Mjolnir.
hands him a towel.
makes doubly sure that http://hwat.wiki-site.com/index.php/Naming_Convention comes to AT's attention sooner or later.
breaks things
gnashing of teeth.
pauses and looks wistfully off into the distance
raises his hand
waffles between Stuff and a realtively early sleep
takes a turn at the first oppertunity and leads them out of the occupide section of labs, ahdning back towards gravity but not towards the appartments
richochets from one wall to another behind shakti
manages a very stead course down the halls, only occasionaly grabbing a handhold.
doesn't sound too impressed
starts to reorient to a very exagerated skipping motion as gravity becomes noticable again
's command of english is perhaps a bit lacking at times.
has by this time adopted something like normal walking
bounces along behind her
sounds moderately surpised, and comes to a fairly normal looking door
slides around shakti and tries to open the door
lets her get past, the door opening into a clear-roofed, park-like space, full of walkaways and plants, bordered by wildly varying 'storefronts' around other doors, and showing the rings and gas giant overhead. Apparent humans, near humans, and more outlandish creatures move about, talking amoungst themselves.
bounds into the place.
follows along behind
sets her sights on the nearest storefront, and marches
follows Alyshya to the bar-oid establishment.
looks at the sign and contorts her vocal cords in strange ways to pronounce it
mutters something about sobriety.
leads Alyshya in and grabs a open chair. There's no real pretense of a waiter or any apparant cash collection arangment.
taps on the table a couple times, which flashes through images as she does so, before sliding the resulting pane of images over to Alyshya's side of the table
notes that they all look kinda gross, and picks one
shrugs, then takes a platter of food substance from a passing multi-limbed thing and sets it down in front of Alyshya.
nibbles at the food
sounds a bit worried on that score
looks superior
munches, and nods in agreement
ticks them off on her fingers
looks like she regrets saying that
really looks like she doesn't want to go down this path, but thinks she has backed herself into a corner
waits for the apocalypse
seems somewhat uncomprehending
hunkers down in her seat
looks embarassed and unknowingly fingers an earlobe, then catches herself and stops
rolls her eyes
clams up and does her damnedest to not react to the mention of Beausabre
looks embarrassed
is startled by this, and looks at Alyshya in a sort of blank confusion
relaxes a bit.
tenses up again
looks uncharacteristicly alarmed, then tamps it down quickly.
says that with an air of finality.
clears her throat somewhat pointedly
slumps over the table.
sighs, and drains her water glass
grabs shakti by the collar and shakes
is shook!
would like to request alyshya/at time soonish
offers, hesitently?
squirms in her seat somewhat
finishes her meal, and mutters something about shakti not wanting to listen to her anyway
looks like she's about to say something, then stops herself
shakes her head and stands up
crispifies and dies.
starts up Batman Begins
says, uncomfortably loudly.
watches someone make a $30,000 leather hat.
considers the logistics of building a large resevoir.
built a wall around the map once.
gives george a poisoned cookie
is further convinced that Mjolnir is a mad scientist.
watches three goblins interact with stonefall traps in ways that can only be described in terms of splatter radius, then apparently get seriously spooked by a dying mason.
invests in more traps.
corrobarates this story
murdalizes Mjolnir
predicts the destroyer will continue rickrolling onwards towards completion
uses his freeze ray to still Mjolnir
bursts into flames, and runs around screaming and igniting things
does in fact eventually still. Except for slight simmering.
drops a planet on another planet somewhere.
distinctly remebers double barrels, though
is not sure
just downloaded a .zip file, opened it up, and found a .rar file inside
vapolates to the maximizillions
isn't sure how he feels about the tacked on ending
believes that bioweapons >> microwave weapons, and bioweapons were a staple of heros stopping attacks stuff a while back
's haulers are taking goblin parts from five z-levels up
puts on his helmet, his cape, his gloves, his utility belt, his
puts on his helmet, his cape, his gloves, his utility belt, his Death Ray, his Freeze Ray, and his Chariot
needs a lot of windmills
throws a bucket of bits at AT
throws a grenade at Siber
dives for cover
watches the grenade bounce off the floor, the wall, a hand railing, the other wall, dink along the floor, and blow up in AT's face.
shakes his head
tempts AT
punches refresh
sees it not, sir
is now no longer unhappy with this ship
bookmarks for use as concept art fuel
has a computer that runs HW@ really well here
likes Hybrid - Last Man Standing as trailer music
still thinks the destroyer with no ion turrets looks pretty damn badass, but it looks pretty good with them too.
discovered he had unread memos from may
sighs and stabinates Kaelis
strangles Hades again
raises gas prices enough that American cities are forced to re-centralize.  Muahahah!
mighty electric headbutts Kaelis
HEAD BEAT WALL
offers AT sugary goodness.
is beinging to understand the 'creative differences' reason for projects breaking up more than ever before
has Miniamba on loop now
is tempted to load up the onyxia raid wipe video
explods into a million billion pieces
sweeps AT into the dust bin and puts it by curb.
eyebrow raise
is sorry
invades poland
invades back.
uses tanks
uses nukes.
uses Reconquista Planetdrop
uses the Sphere.
uses the Super Sphere XX
explodes, taking a large portion of the universe with it.
listens to onyxia techno
detects high levels of bullshit
just plans to sling payloads into space with a giant slingshot.
looks at that picture and thinks "That hair is going to make qutie the bothersome slow leak."
suspects he's missing the point
suspects he is.
gets out the spiked club
checks his calenadr.
takes Beausabre's kidneys hostage
seizes Siber's sense of Right and Wrong.
notes that he's not exactly doing anything right now.
is ill, down with the flu, in her room. After an over-reaction involving the Child Android bugging her, she declared she should leave the house, but put those plans on hold until her health improved
has also probably been refusing Melusine's medication.
is ready!
is ready too!
((attempts to cohere his thoughts))
runs offstage
releases the hounds on Starfyre.
throws them a steak
(passes Starfyre a red harring)
is convelesing, giving a tray of food and such a warry look from the far side of her bed, muttering fairly constantly
is hovering away from the bed, with a drone also nearby. The drone is wearing a bowl of soup on it's head. An empty, upside-down bowl of soup.
hovers nearby.
seems unlikely to applogize
dabs a finger on the drone and licks it.
huddles in the far corner of the bed defensively, giving Melusine a look that could kill
glowers, then petulantly reaches out and grabs a lone slice of toast and begins to nibble on it.
helpfully offers the butter.
has the drone pick up a pitcher of water and advance cautiously on Kara.
takes the butter, looks at it unsurely, then tries to take a bite of it.
gingerly sets the butter aside, eyes the water, then grabs Icefox by the arm and pulls him closer, looking at him searchingly
leans closer to Kara?
seems to relax a hair, but doesn't release her grip
would be tapping her foot, if she had one that wasn't just a hologram.
gives Melusine a startled look, as if she'd forgotten she were there, and releases Icefox
(binds and gags Starfyre and stuffs him in the hall closet. With several sharp, pointy things.))
sips some of the water speculatively.
appears to take Icefox seriously, looking quite alarmed
replaces the pitcher on the side table with another, apparently identical one.
attempts to drink greedily straight from the pitcher
makes a bit of a mess in the process.
sets the pitcher aside and looks at Icefox
looks at Kara.
looks at Melusine and makes a very understated "shoo" gesture.
takes the hint and disappears, without her usual special effects. The drone simply lets itself out the room.
muches some more
sits on air beside the bed, and sets the spilled water to evaporating rather faster than normal.
seems to take some comfort from this
spouts some words in one of her own language
looks confused.
definitely wasn't here then.
looks confused right back
sticks her head in through the doorway.
ruffles her hair from a distance.
looks a bit surprised to see Icefox, and at the remote ruffle.
starts at the arrival, wobbles slightly, then suddenly bends over the far send of the bed and retches, loudly.
produces a bucket appropriately.
eventually reemerges, looking appropriately misserable
looks a bit alarmed, and shoulders the door open. She has a full tray of stuff in her arms, which she sets on the bed. She takes the water pitcher and fills a glass, and offers it to Kara.
takes it, automaticly, and sips a bit more slowly than the last time.
reaches back down to the tray and fumbles a bit, and pulls out a cold, wet washrag, which she holds out to Kara.
is speaking in adequate English at this point.
looks up at Marrighan somewhat supsiciously
explains grudgingly.
kneads the washrag in her hands.
looks down at her hands, and realizes she's wrung all the water out of the rag. She dips back into the bowl, wrings it a bit, and offers it back to Kara.
blinks, then takes the cloth and wipes her mouth
mutters to herself
offers no explination as she snags more toast
looks to Icefox.
seems a bit confused at this.
gives Icefox a somewhat hurt look.
looks puzzled.
shrugs, then takes the lid off of a bowl of broth.
inches forward and sniffs the broth
seems suspicious
pauses, and then takes a spoonful herself. And makes a face.
harumphs and starts to drink sip sullenly.
watches her eat for a bit, then fumbles around on the tray.
is momentarly oblivious
finally finds what she's looking for. It's an off-the-shelf pill bottle, which she peels the seal off of.
holds the bottle up and reads the label, which seems to take some effort on her part. She then tries to figure out the child-proof lid.
looks up at the sound of the pealing and bottle wrestling, and frowns
wrastles with the bottle a bit more.
holds out her hand
finally gets the cap off !
is triumphant over a small piece of plastic!
looks somewhat dissapointed at her victory
takes the bottle and shakes two tablets into Kara's hand.
looks at them suspiciously, then looks at icefox for a moment before poping them into her mouth and begining to chew
moments latter dives for that bucket again, and sets coughing, spitting, retching, and vehement multilingual cursing
watches with mild interest.
offers a fresh glass of water, too.
takes it and rinses her mouth throughly, before finally recovering
watches her, then goes back to read the bottle again.
says with an air of "What did they come up with this time."
shakes out a couple more.
takes them, swallows without comment, lies back
((thinks this scene has served its purpose at this point))
shortly thereafter begins to snore!
tosses pickles at Icefox.
flying electric headbutts Beausabre
whallops AT with a couch cushion
retaliates with a flaming zombie koala.
was going to have Kara open the pill bottle with her sword.
can do ANYTHING with the appropriate combination of brushes and enough patience
refuses to believe that shit ever escalated in AT's mind!
thinks AT is now being silly.
thinks there's a tirade against 'self help' in the old rants
. . .
is trying black on black
is undecided as to which backdrop and lighting is the better
considers thrown that up on the publicity account and linking it in the Outsider thread
is pretty stoked about this
notices the time
attacks edge hardnesses
was considering TAI and REP for that
wonders if he can bargin bin Doom 3
wonders if he can find a bargin bin
will now show Icefox the destroyer
is back
goes to try it out
is super proud of them
wonders if AT would mind him posting images of the DD in varying states of correctness to illustraight his point...
considers going and breaking into AT's house, and eating food.
is doing battle with the kitchen ATM
assumes intended behavior is for the crease in the glow to go away totally?
TP's everyone like a ninja!
is taken completely by suprise
will probably finish the ecannon soon
loves that glow
points out the dark line down the length of the inner face and the little bit of glow thats showing up on the trailing edge
notices the size of the list
kills Icefox
swoops down on Siber and dangles off of the side of an unfinished building.
drops Siber.
downgrades that to a *thunk*
ponders gun loading gadgets
loves that colorscheme
cant wait for the ion turret texture
still feels weird negoiating for models that have already been offered up completely free of strings
isn't sure there's a link to the FX forums anywere
successfully compresses a series of movies by the 15 megs he needs to fit them on a single CD.
thinks it looks a bit like a witchblade knockoff, personally.
puts it in the place where he looked for it earlier.
grininates the countryside
loves card games with those sorts of effects
hates everything now
hopes the crews aren't prone to motion sickness
is... terribly sorry, mr. freeman
is mightily resisting the urge to shout "OWNED" at kaelis
thanks the character limit?
curses Mjolnir
desperately hopes that Kaelis doesn't pull a "The Kadeshi should be dead"
reads Icefox's first link
puts on his halo
chants a singsongy mantra
repeats his mantra
headbutts back
has recovered since her last apperance, and is now found at Rylah's door, knocking.
opens here door, the door opening is preceeded by whirs, clicks and clunks. when the door opens, the room with in is fairly devoid of technology except for one computer, and of course Rylah.
adresses Rylah with a tone that can only be described as icy.
is not quite matching Kara's icy, but deffinatly sounds not quite ammused.
nods stiffly
looks at Kara with a hint of doubt.
smiles alittle.
nods and chuckles alittle.
looks askance at the laugh
remembers that they're still standing in the doorway.
is somewhat taken aback.
ponders as she moves towards a chair, gesturing towards the papasan in the corner.
looks somewhat surpised by this invitation, but takes a seat.
is mostly trying to figure out why Kara is asking.
looks at Rylah like she's horribly naieve
seems a little bit bitter.
tries not to emphasize the word "alive" too much.
stands up again
considers this
waits patiently.
has a look of understanding.
steamrolls over Rylah.
has a thoughtfull look on her face.
has a slightly bitter, ironic tone
looks at Kara as she asks the rhetorical question.
doesn't awnser, still largely expressionless
leaves without ceremony.
(looks for the TFG and whiskey)
wonders how well the line "I designed and built her and in nine hundred years she hasn't killed me in my sleep." would hold up.
ponders how the sentiment "I would have" would go over
ponders stunned silence.
points at the RP above.
tosses a running one at Sabre
casually swings the actual chain around his pointer finger.
Hadouken Special Combo!
feels sorry for the target. And AT's motes.
takes advantage of the reduced willpower by throwing shiny things past AT
snaps them out of the sky
absconds out the window.
forgot they were on the second floor.
decides that if he makes a languege, all words within a spesific class will be the same size
is equally perplexed
scuttles his gifted ACVS(why do I want them?) and steals a MDD
can provide Schwartz any links he desires
has been thinking of taking the models so far done and trying to kitbash up stand-in ships for gameplay testing while the real models get made, but ulimately time is probably better spent making the ships
stern look
fires cans of Powerthirst: ROCKET EDITION at Icefox
runs from the fall out
hugs Schwartz.
fiddles with defcon
ques up a massive bomber punch, manuvers an attacking fleet, and figter micros defense!
has no idea what this means.
flings a couch cushion at schwartz
shakes his head scornfully
cocks an eyebrow
thinks this is homeworld stuff?
falls back into the Lost Abyss of Lurkitude
still loves this picture
taps two islands: counterspell
taps two more islands: Counterspell!
stern look
heart massive attack - angel
checks his manual
wishes he knew more about hw, so he could contribute
grmble marmble
turns it upside down
hearts the akira song
thinks it's massively inconsistent
blames his font for making the r easy to miss
recommends zooming to max
hadn't looked up
will continue texturing though
has been working on 3d stuff most of the day.
also stabs Relic News
really wants to mod the onyxia wipe voice samples to M&B
ponders "C'moon, hit it like you mean it!" as a confirmation sound for ordering agressive tactics
concludes that Icefox's printer is clearly magic.
wonders about Mjolnir's math.
has always been surprised by the worker's death scream in HW:C. having a mighty FUUUUUUUUCK instead would just be awesome
just found something on his desk
imagines that guy as a Kadeshi voice, that never stops shouting.
looks at Icefox
looks at AT
consults manual
doesn't remember those
considers the chances that the Annoying Bastard won't come back for three hours and fifteen minutes.
is making progress!
still wants HWRL
encounters a wild destroyer
equips in left hand: peanuts
equips in right hand: paladin shield
attacks for 476 nutritious snacking damage
does not remember the reason he asked that
suddenly has the image of the classic scraggly geek guy grabbing a somewhat overweight baldind executive type man by the collar and shouting the word "TOUNGS!" in his face.
opens up the DD
is getting everything within arm's reach on one side of his desk handed to him so he can put it on the other side
marches onwards towards complete texturessssssszzszszszszszszszsz
makes no sudden movements, and slowly backs away...
reiterates the weirdness of neogiating for free stuff.
gives Mjolnir the Non Sequitor Crown
wants oxen driven space wagons
shifts into Sprint Mode.
has located four airlocks
sad eyes
drop-kicks Mjolnir's cat out the window
drop kicks AT out the window
regreeets naaaaauuuuthiiiiiiiiinnnggggg....
thinks he should make AT populate all these navlight hardpoints.
stares at HodEd
tosses the attention to Adrasteia.
bats it under the fridge and loses interest
must admit he's not too enthused about the current story arc
casts British Lightning
hopes someone, perhaps Schlock, will come up against Lota and say "Feh, whatever you say. What's a pronoun?"
feels like this fluff has begun to meander aimlessly.
isn't particularly prepared to make long elaborate comparisons to Kharakan fauna.
Vs More Food
thinks he likes this take on the texture take better
is cutting out all the stripes
wants to taek him some screencaps
rampant impatience
opens HodEd
still really likes the FFA
thinks it looks really good just sitting in space
thinks he may upload a few to the footoo backet
sets about fixing the engine
thnks the black and white textures look a bit funkey in a couple screenshots, but nothing serious
doesn't really see it
deactivates rant mode
is generally musing more than anything
yearns for a fully playable release
contemplates how fast you'd have to make Io go before it would actually destroy Jupiter in the impact.
wonders how fast you'd have to make Io go before you had to start taking induced fusion into account to determine the effect
lacks adjectives
wrangles parenthesis.
ponders putting a comet in a ziplock bag
goes to New Jersey for a week-long, fun-filled *KILLFRENZY*
takes a deep breath.
stabs Kaelis.
suddenly tempted to give the whole ship the thruster texture and see what it looks like
puts that on the list for things to automate, along with his weatherdar.
finally got a steel wire + 2 neodymium magnets to float on a dish of water
is totally bummed nobody's commented on the ten finalized destroyer images
hopes no IRC clients out there read HTML
is hoping to mine Mjolnir's mind.
is trying it out though
is stuck at 'failed to path aliases'
is going in excess of 5000
headshakes at Beausabre
is gonna try to extract betterer hit sounds for the ions
looks at the URL, then at the ship again
has a pair of boxes on his desk, one of which he has access to the code and hardware of. 1 LED on the other periodically blinks, followed immediately by another LED. Every once in a while, the second LED doesn't blink.
questions the usefulness of such a narrow LOD1
derives no amusement from this
zaps AT with a magic wand while speaking latinesque gibberish!
returns fire
hopes that SA is going somewhere with this.
is not impugning on cheesecake
thinks he would like said android character more if she had a name.
is faced with a conundrum
puts together a semi-consistent navlight coloring and timing scheme
isn't sure how he feels about green navlights
angry angry angry angry angry
is not sure about middle-of-airlock?
has a free version of a sound file converter from these guys, but wishse he could find more information about the dividing line between the free and not free versions of their stuff
HUGS siber
is hugged!
IS IN PROGRESS OF VIOLENTLY EDITING SOME SOUNDS WITHOUT PRIOR CONSENT
explores the sketchy world of ISP's.
wonders how hard it is to convince Charter to give him a static IP.
then squishes his brain under a statistics textbook for wondering such a thing.
advises running
uses icefox as a-
figures out who's most likely to be an essence 7 lunar exalted
looks innocent.
ceases using icefox as a shield
firebombs poland
wonders what the profit margin in the textbook buisnes is like
hates the school's bookstore interface
wonders how much variation there is in those patterns between individuals
loads KD8 for great justice.
gives AT cookies
isn't sure he actually woke up today, himself
saves pics local so he can actually zoom and shit
is lodding, too
rails against draconian traingle limits
suddenly has the image of a giant robot astride a DD with an ICF tucked under one arm
tries not to spit out water
wishes he could draw so he could create this homeworld knight
thinks chariot-AT is about the right size
finds kitten!
was thinking of a light corvette class for the higaaran corvette and the vaygr gunships that has less chance of being hit
attempts to find fifty shedable faces
steals a nuclear missile silo and nukes poland
isn't sure how he feels about the space ship
would be intersted in seeing one in six-leg mode
hand Schwartz a box of unmangled kittens.
agrees with AT
tests to see how his game handles 30 destroyers on screen
just looked at the screenshot.
kervoips into the house, right at the basement door
is voiped as well
tries the door handle.
opens smoothly
charges past shakti
follows along, pulling the door closed behind
heads down another few flights of stairs, and towards one of releyara's labs
stops at the door, and hesitantly knocks
mumbles something
attempts to open da door
glances at shakti as the door opens
is slouched over a table, several books floating in the air in front of her
hides behind shakti and follows
starts to fiddle with the key
gestures, and the bindings drop off
laughs, and manifests in a blast of power.
smiles when she thinks shakti isn't looking
nods to releyara and shakti, and bolts out the door
half laughs
pauses at that admission, her expression growing... rather unimpressed.
looks annoyed
flounders slightly at Releyara's reaction
laughs softly
likes Beausabre's plan
pulls out the Pistol Star pistol
thinks he's already mentioned before the family that named consecutive children jackob, josh, jojo and jonathan
thinks he's met Billy Bob, Bubba, and Junior
really doesn't remeber.
drops a pin
does too
doesn't know
keeps in mind that games like deciscive endings
nods and attempts to stop being silly
thinks hard
likes this combination of crown and item type a lot
needs to make a satisfactory bomber mesh
brutally strangles all cellphone companies.
attempts to salvage the fragements of Opperation Include Adrastiea from the abyss of his memory
surfaces and launches and everything
is glad to be of service
vs Frets on Fire
finishes playing a cover of a track of music from a 15 year old game in the clone of the guitar imitating game
window waffle
attempts to incorperate some more elements of the old CF into his geometery
is on relatively high ground, thankfully
likes the version with faces better
isn't sure that'd work better than just regular liquid
wanders what is causing the sudden surges of water
just watched the "geyser"
knows no link is coming
says, with a stormy scowl and a fist full of Datas
shakes a sandwich
launches rubber bands at Beausabre
is, obviously, here.
marks time waiting.
pops into the House late in the same day as last event, appearing in her own room, carrying a smallish bag, and proceeds somewhat furtively to the hallway
is waiting in his own room, door half open.
slips through with a light knock on the door frame
looks up from his desk, where a notebook and several holograms are arranged.
acknowladges the greeting with a quick smile, then looks at the desk
dismisses the holograms and closes the journal.
quirks a grin.
half laughs
stops to stifle a considerable yawn.
looks somewhat down at the memory. "I don't think I ever did thank you for pushing me clear of that... thing.
pauses a beat, then breaks another half smile. "You could have been killed."
stands up and shoves the chair out of the way.
reached into his pocket and produced a key.
put the key into the lock of the door that suddenly appeared to meet it, and turned.
((wonders at Beausabre's sudden shift of tense))
opens the door and steps through into the nearly shadowless interior.
follows him through
closes the door behind her.
relaxes visably
puts his hands on his hips and looks around the featureless white space.
nods, takes a moment to get her bearings, and then locomotes in that direction
gestures over to the "living area" off to one side. The aforementioned bed sits a bit off from a "living room" made up of a couch, a couple of easy chairs and a very out-of-place fireplace.
sits on the edge of the large bed and sets the bag next to her, retrieving her light sleepwear and exchanging it for her present outfit
makes a point to wander off into the racks of gear, out of sight while she changes.
stuffs her discarded clothes into the bag and takes out a pair of sleeping masks, flicking one at the back of Beausabre's head, guiding it past obstacles with a touch of magic
makes some rustling noises, as if he's changing clothes as well. "Oh..thanks."
appears from between the racks, wearing a t-shirt and plaid shorts, pulling her hair back.
looks somewhat surpised, but quickly smothers it and doesn't comment
hops over the back of the couch onto the cushions, and smiles, waiting for Shakti to say something.
dissapoints, instead retreiving her last item, the little silver charm Beausabre brought back from the divide for her on a chain, and slips it over her head
sighs, and gets up and goes over to the little refrigerator in one "corner" and pulls out a bottle of water. "Want one in case you get thirsty?"
reaches in and tosses one to her.
catches and scoots over to set the bottle on the end table
notes the charm as she walks back to the couch and smiles. There's a blanket thrown over the back, and she pull it off and sits down.
lays back and drapes the blanket over her legs, and pulls the mask over her eyes.
seems moderatly nervous
pauses for a moment....
exhales audibly
is dripping drama with that statement.
does her best to sound helpful.
laughs. "Oh God...that would be too funny. Maybe Releyara could suggest something...."
slips past the curtens and gets settled in
wriggles a bit to get comfortable.
looks for some appropriate music.
is also asleep! The same day, even, though quite some distance away, and later in her own night
is too!
dreams. She dreams of normal things, but now it shifts.
dreams as well. She's back on Taben, as if she never left. Surrounded by her family and clan, and introducing them to her new friend, who-is-and-isn't Loroi.
dreams of fleeing from something inexorable, that quickly comes to an end. She dreams of terror as the inexorable force begins to wrap around her and begins to pull. She dreams of struggle, slowly failing.
's dream also suddenly changes. Her home is suddenly ripped away, replaced by darkness and fear. Something smothers her, and she starts to fall...
dreams of pain, slow but accelerating rending agony as something tears at her, and then begins to engulf her
wakes with a gasp as the dream releases her abruptly
starts to dream that one of the predators of her home waters has found her....when she suddenly awakes, at the same time as Arry.
recoils and draws in on herself, packing he mind in as much as she can as she catches her breath
sits up next to her, momentarily disoriented at the sudden change in setting in her mind and the confused state of Arry's mind. She pings Arry with a quick query: ::Are you alright?::
responds verbally, accompanied by a short headshake
notes the mental rebuff, and squeezes Arry's shoulder. "It is the same, again. And do not apologize for something that is not your fault."
sighs and sits up
grimaces. "I do not want to think about what it would be like worse. They are bad enough already."
lets slip mentally the sentiment that there's no point in trying to get back to sleep again as she slips out of bed and begins getting dressed
sounds just a touch offended.
scratches at the door, then opens it and sticks her head in.  "Again?"
grimaces and nods at Megara
sighs, then cocks an ear like she's listening to something. "Nope. He's still asleep. I'll go and make some hot chocolate."
mutters something as she exits and heads for the kitchen.
has also climbed out of bed, and gotten dressed. She comes over and gives Arry a quick hug from behind. "Beausabre told me once 'Sleep is for the weak.' I am not sure if this exactly the situation he meant it for, but I agree with it."
sighs and sits down on the bed. "But...it would still be good to find out how to end these dreams. I would like the chance to be weak, if I chose it, and sleep for a day or two, uninterrupted."
drifts out of the room and towards the kitchen
is in the kitchen, and is just pouring two mugs as they walk in.
sits at the little baroid structure in her kitchen and grabs a mug
takes a mug, and thinks for a bit.
sips her chocolate and listens
makes a face.
listens while washing the dishes.
sighs and shakes her head. "I've seen enough that ruling it out, out of hand, seems like a bad idea, though I'm not saying I buy it automaticly, either."
looks at Arry as if she's deciding just how strange it might be.
looks back and quirks an eyebrow
snorts. "Well, whatever it is, I just wish it'd show its face so there's something I can beat up on."
makes a noncommittal noise as she sips her chocolate.
scratches behind her ears slightly self consiously
looks skeptical.
asks both of them generally as she sips at the sweet beverage
casually pushes Icefox into the crushing gears
thinks the idea of a lack-of-sleep adled Arethusa decking her entire house in anti-Loroi-mindvampire paraphinalia is amusing
realizes that he can't actually sound earnest online anymore, as it comes off at least in his own mind as sarcastic
says, safely in the most wussy part of the city.
wants to eat the animators brain
easily guestimated a total of 150 ships for a 'done' HW@ the other day
beat warship gunner 2 this morning, and was vaguely disappointed with the end boss.
resolves to mail Icefox a box of angry flames
kindly requests that AT doesn't use Gurren Lagaan memes so he can more easily resist the temptation to go ara Aralanioan and ask people who the hell they thing he is in all caps and then shout all sorts of attack names
is serious. jets are immune to everything.
has tried. they just keep spawning. after six waves, he nuked the airbase and went about the mission.
is exaggerating a bit
concots an elaborate plan involving a suspended bridge over an hollowed out cavern for magma to flow through, which can then be cut by an industrious dwarf, dropping the whole thing into the depths long enough for him to seal off one end so the imps can't get up from the eventual new lava pocket into the trenches
once saw an entire siege broken by a single stonefall trap.
patpats george
has never got gotten one
wishes the local weather coveraged didn't royally suck
hates people with clever java menu pages.
trades it in for a ham sandwich.
sinks a test mining shafr
quantums george's erasers
has a sudden urge to vandalize the 568B wiring reference on wikipedia
can as well, in some cases
imagines by now that Shakti can hear a pretty anoyingly large range of electronic devices
replaced a cable end he made years ago today, looked at it, and wondered how in hell the cable ever worked
hides under the couch
is moderately disturbed that his musical tastes seem to be drifting to increasinly thinnly veild musical acid trips
gives up
is the night
throws a shoe or something
throws a Beausabre.
wonders how he suddenly ended up on the other side of room.
points to the Pattern.
inflicts Angels of Light and Darkness on Siber.
damns Siber for making him want chocolate chip cookies.
damns Siber for making him want chocolate chip cookies.
reads hamachi's wikipedia article.
voips into the house, upper hallway, early and noticably dressed up. She approaches a door, Marrighan's, and knocks tenatively
comes to the door and opens it. She smiles.
opens the door and stands back. The room is a bit (quite a bit) of a mess. The only really clean thing in it is the rather massive interface chair that she uses to interact with Chanthal's drones.
tries to look bright and attentive!
hops down the hall and bursts through Marrighan's door.
notes Shakti's clothes too.
blushes furriously and temporairly loses her compuser
perches on Marrighan's head, if she's sitting.
deep breath
tries to look bright and attentive!
gives Icefox an unhappy look
looks puzzled.....then...
points at the clothes she's wearing.
nods mutely, and gives Icefox a warning look.
carefully weighs the temptation to pry with the desire to not be used as a throw rug.
decides he'll pry it out of Marrighan later.
lapses into fighter-pilot speak and gives Shakit a thumbs up!
blows Shakti kisses and waves a handkerchief, despite having no clue what's going on.
makes a retreat before the fox can get too far along in his amusments, and makes for another door
looks down at Marrighan.
looks up.
attempts to rebuild her confidence, then knocks tenatively
does so
is inside, and has dressed up for the occasion. She's wearing an outfit that looks sort of like a uniform, with black pants and a short jacket. Gold embroidery like coiled fern fronds trim the cuffs and jacket of the jacket, and she's wearing glossy black boots. Her long hair has also been braided into one long tail that hangs down her back.
feels a disturbance in the force...
is probably halfway to the airstrip with Marrighan by now though, so.
surpised, then recovers. "...you'd think by now I'd be able to tell the difference from your voice."
nervous fidget, then doesn't ask the same question about herself
sighs deeply.
holds out her charmed arm to 'sabre
puts her arm through Shakti's and holds on.
voips them away, and they find themselves in a smallish room, very well furnished, wherein there is one well dressed... Shakti, waiting.
does a double take. "Ah....Siret doppleganger?"
extends a hand to Lseata.
shakes the hand "And a pleasure to meet you too. Maybe soon I'll get my own partner. Can't have anyone getting suspicious of you anymore than of her, can we?"
offers Marrighan a small bowl of strawberries, and a small bowl of chocolate.
takes another strawberry and savors it.
eats the strawberry in an irritatingly slow manner.
waits patiently, and plots the perfect murder.
takes another strawberry, and eats it even slower than before, if that's at all possible.
says nothing
peels a patch of clear film from her the side of her neck to around the base of her ear, then offers it to Shakti
watches the transfer curiously.
applies it to her own skin in a similar location.
looks around to see if anybody else is listening....
is sort of stunned by a smiling Lseata, who of course looks like a smiling Shakti.
smooths down the film, which becomes invisable, and begins for the door, tugging 'sabre along with her
smiles, waves, gets a mischevious look, and then blows Beausabrette a kiss just as Shakti pulls her out the door of the room
grins, and is tug'd out the room.
walks alongside Shakti, and peers at her ears.
leads 'sabre through a short hallway
turns her head, and shows a ruby red stud in the lobe.
has come to a pause at the next doorway
doesn't say anything, but squeezes Shakti's arm.
mutters something that sounds like "maybe sometime later" and pulls open the door
is a tall, well dressed apparant-man in a room that can only be described as ornate. Wivecor's sense of decoration, while tasteful, appears to be rather up-front about the wealth at the disposal of the Siret
gives a short bow to Arust. "A pleasure."
returns the bow as a portal on the far end of the room opens and the sound of bustle and alien music drift through
leans into Shakti and whispers "You want to search me to make sure?"
blushes and gives Beausabre a besearching look before following Arust in through the door, down a short hall, and into a moderately crowded large hall. A live band with unidentifiable insturments plays off to one side, and a huge domed ceiling overhead shows a bloogreen planet looming above them.
looks skeptical.
gives the pair of them a measuring look, and then speaks to Beausabrette. "Please do try to avoid causing a scandal. They have thriving tabloids in this system." before a response can be delivered, he detaches from the pair and sets out through the crowd towards a noticable knot around which the rest of the participants flow around, where there appears to be a pretty lively exchange of views going on
bristles a bit. "Scandal? I'll give him a scandal...." ::dark muttering::
veers towards said table
waves a non-strawberry burdened hand.
is intercepted by a smiling man, of rather similar build and appearance to Arust.
fails to mention the backup copy that Titan more than likely kept!
has the sudden instinct to put up defenses at Mr Smiliey's appearance.
bristles just the very slightest bit.
seems adept at nailing just the right smarmy tone to get under one's skin without being objectably offensive
smiles at Itekin, imagining several rather gruesome ends to the aforementioned being.
gives "Lseata's" hand a squeeze to emphasize that she means it.
smiles and breaks away, vanishing into the swirl of the crowd quickly
mutters to Beausabre. "Food's safe."
waves at his departing back. ::in English:: "Wow. Sleaze is universal, isn't it?"
pauses, the ponders the sort of biotoxins the Siret could devise if they really set their minds to it.
has the faint buzz of magic as she works a litle mini-privacy spell for the moment, as the weave towards the food and drinks
doesn't complete that thought, just in case.
makes a mental note about Itekin and tragic, fatal accidents, mostly out of reflex.
gestures at the buffet.
leads Beausabre on and introduces him(her?) to a great many varried beings of intersting shapes and dispositions, though her mood seems to slowly sour through it, and at one point she and 'sabre seperate breifly, and she does not rondevus properly. A short search reveals her to have found a quiet alcove off to the side of the party, staring out an observation bubble and sipping on one of the two drinks she was getting for them.
walks up to her, and notes her mood.
glances back at her, and then looks guilty
reaches over and takes the spare drink.
waves a hand, and the faint buzz of magic happens again
sits on the ledge of the observation bubble and gives Shakti her undivided attention.
looks momentairly torn, then
nods. "Sure. Where do you want to go?"
knocks back her drink, and climbs to her feet.
finishes the rest of her drink, then starts to lead Beausabre back to the ship they came in on
catches up, and takes Shakti's hand.
grips it, and upon arival to the ship pushes her teleport/panic button charm at 'sabre
takes it, somewhat surprised.
looks at the charm, looking a little lost...the seems to make a decision.
takes a firm grip on Shakti's hand....and VOIPS.
is voip'd
gives a questioning look
is keeping a firm hold on her hand as she looks out to the horizon. "Now...which way....c'mon...."
points in one direction, which seems to be getting a bit lighter than the rest. "OK, that way."
takes Shakti by the shoulders and points her in that direction. "There....I think this is going to work....cold?"
fiddles with a bit of the trim on her jacket, then steps behind her and puts her arms around Shakti, and rests her chin on her shoulder. Shakti can feel heat coming from the jacket.
tenses reflexively, then takes a breath and relaxes.
doesn't answer for a moment, and they watch the east grow lighter. "Shakti...I've been a lot of places. I never really wanted to stay in one place when I was still human, and after the Heart...after leaving Myla, I never found another place that I wanted to stay. And now...I can feel it pulling me back. I've pretty much recovered. I'm as fast and as trained as I can get without the sword...and I want do something with it."
blinks at the sunlight, her eyes tinting black, then she wills them back all the way open
gives her a squeeze.
sounds tired
lets go, and comes around beside her, and looks at her.
quirks a grin. "You should have let me start a scandal. You probably could have gained some good intel from their reactions."
laughs despite herself
makes no move to go anywhere despite that.
fingers the charm. "Let's see...there used to be a little family coffee shop near here....a cup of kona coffee and some spam sushi will do the trick. It's been awhile since I've been there, though."
grabs Shakti's hand and voips!
doesn't like his voice
attempts to conjur up his feelings towards kaelis
buys a caravan.
gets tired of his own voice and starts applying audacity effects to it to see what happens
